Reality of life When you give importance to people they think that you are always free But They dont understand that you make yourself available for them every time.
Xcuse me, I found something under my shoes. Oh its your attitude.
A mind all logic is like a knife all blade. It makes the hand bleed that uses it.
The prettiest smiles hides the deepest secrets. The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears, and the kindest hearts have felt the most pain
Truth is I miss you. All the time, every second, every minute, every hour, every day.
God is really creative , i mean ..just look at me :P
Every story has an end, but in life every ending is just a new beginning.
When i was born..Devil said..?Oh Shit..!! Competition?
Life and time are the two best teachers. Life teaches us to make good use of time and time teaches us the value of life.
Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch.Liberty is a well-armed lamb contesting the vote.
No family is perfect, we argue, we fight, we even stop talking to each other at times but in the end, family is family  the love will always be there.
Our path may change as life goes along, but the bond between us remains ever strong. I miss you my sister.
You say you love rain, but you open your umbrella. You say you love the sun, but you find a shadow spot. You say you love the wind, but you close your windows. This is why I am afraid, you say that you love me too.
Cry havoc! and let loose the dogs of war, that this foul deed shall smell above the earth with carrion men, groaning for burial.
Beauty attracts the eye but personality captures the heart.
Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes.
Not always available, try your luck ;)
The truly intelligent person is one who can pretend to be a fool in front of a fool who pretends to be intelligent.
I enjoy when people show Attitude to me because it shows that they need an Attitude to impress me!
I wrote your name in the sky, but the wind blew it away. I wrote your name in the sand, but the waves washed it away. I wrote your name in my heart, and forever will it stay.
Keep the smile, leave the tension, feel the joy, forget the worry, hold the peace, leave the pain, and always be happy
I failed in some subjects in exam, but my friend passed in all. Now he is an engineer in microsoft and i am the owner of microsoft.
You are the most important person in my life .. and I hope you know that.
Nothing is more permanent than a temporary solution.
Old age and treachery will always beat youth and exuberance.
Women fall in love by what they hear and men fall in love by what they see. Thats why most of the women put make up and most of the men lie.
Never stop learning, because life never stops teaching.
A day spent with friends is always a day well spent
There is no market for YOUR EMOTIONS, so never advertise your FEELINGS just display YOUR ATTITUDE.,.
My love for you is like a mirror. You can break it into pieces but when you look closely, youre still in it.
Every job is a self-portrait of the person who did it. Autograph your work with excellence.
Smile in front of people who hate you Ur happiness kills them
Sometimes its better to be alone. Nobody can hurt you!
People say me bad, trust me i am the worst!!!
May my enemies live long life to see my success.
We may not have it all together . but together we have it all.
I was only a time pass in your life but one day you will realise that the time that you passed with me was the most beautiful time you have ever spend.
Success is like being pregnant. Everybody congratulates you, But nobody knows how many times you were ****** before you got there.
A Sunday well-spent brings a week of content.
When it rains, it pours but soon the sun shines again. Stay positive. Better days are on their way.
My attitude is based on how you treat me!
Time passes. Memories fade. Feelings change. People leave. But hearts never forget.
As the day turns into night, keep your worries out of sight. Close your eyes and go to sleep, for all the good times are yours to keep. Sweet Dreams.
Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today.
The object of art is to give life a shape. Midsummer Nights Dream
Life can give us lots of beautiful persons, But only one person is enough for a beautiful life..
Education is the key to success in life, and teachers make a lasting impact in the lives of their students.
Kill tension before tensions kill you, reach your goal before goal kicks you, live life before life leaves you.
Everything changes but change itself. Everything flows and nothing remains the same...You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters and yet others go flowing ever on.
Hiding the truth is the same as telling a lie. Be open, honest, and tell everything. If you have to hide it, you shouldnt be doing it in the first place.
Then out spake brave Horatius,The Captain of the Gate:To every man upon this earthDeath cometh soon or late.And how can man die betterThan facing fearful odds,For the ashes of his fathers,And the temples of his Gods.
Once you lost me, you can never have me back. And if you have me again, it will never be the same.
Dream your dreams with your eyes closed, but live your dreams with your eyes open.
As long as there is someone in the sky to protect me, there is no one on the earth who could break me.
These violent delights have violent ends  And in their triump die, like fire and powder  Which, as they kiss, consume
I am not perfect, I make mistakes, I hurt people, but when I say sorry, I mean it.
The speed of communications is wondrous to behold. It is also true that speed can multiply the distribution of information that we know to be untrue.
My heart beats your name because its your love that runs through my veins.
Never run after a bus or a girl. There will always be another one.
Life ends when you stop dreaming, hope ends when you stop believing and love ends when you stop caring. So dream hope and love ...Makes Life Beautiful!!!!
Man that is born of woman hath but a short time to live, and is full of misery. He comet up, and is cut down, like a flower; he fleeth as it were a shadow, and never continueth in one stay.
There are two kinds of evil people in this world, People who do evil stuff and people who see evil stuff being done and dont do anything about it.
If your outgo exceeds your income, then your upkeep will be your downfall.
Memories remind us that nothing last forever, you can be happy today and sad tomorrow, time is precious and should not be wasted, enjoy life and remember dont count your days, make your days count.
Today I pray for you a heart free of sadness, a mind free of worries, a life full of gladness, a body free of illness & a day full of Gods blessings. Good Morning
I love my haters... They make me feel special because... Their dirty little mouths talk about ME all day.
Every man over forty is responsible for his face.
A woman simply is, but a man must become. Masculinity is risky and elusive. It is achieved by a revolt from woman, and it is confirmed only by other men. Manhood coerced into sensitivity is no manhood at all.
Whiskey has killed more men than bullets, but most men would rather be full of whiskey than bullets.
Theres always a wild side to an innocent face
My life started the day i met you, now when i look back i have no idea how i survived all this time without you. You are my life..
Never argue with an idiot. They will only bring you down to their level and beat you with experience.
One day you will remember me,one day you will laugh at the memories,one day you will try to find me. But One Day I wont be waiting for what you have to give
Everyone wants to be the sun that lights up your life. But Id rather be your moon, so I can shine on you during your darkest hour when your sun isnt around.
An Eye with Dust n A Heart with Trust Always Cries!!!!!
Beauty Fades After Time, But Personality Is Forever!
Time spent with family is time well spent. Family is the one constant element in life.
Friends are like stars, they come and go, but the ones that stay are the ones that glow!!!!
The size of your problems is nothing compared with your ability to solve them. Dont overestimate your problems and underestimate yourself.
Communication works for those who work at it.
Life is like a roll of toilet paper. The closer you get to the end the faster it goes.
No need for revenge. Just sit back & wait. Those who hurt you will eventually screw up themselves & if you are lucky, God will let you watch.
The prettiest smiles hide the deepest scars. The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears and the kindest hearts have felt the most pain
A man who treats his woman like a princess is proof that he has been born and raised in the arms of a queen.
I love crying in the rain. because when i do, no one can hear the pain.
I am not famous in this world but I am famous in someones heart. Thats all that matters to me.
Every mistake is an opportunity to learn something new.
There is so much good in the worst of us, and so much bad in the best of us, that it ill behooves any of us to find fault with the rest of us.
Understanding is much deeper than knowledge. There are many people who know us, but very few who understand us.
Someone Asked me what is UR attitude then i simply replied ? BEING SINGLE IS MY ATTITUDE
Things are not always what they seem; the first appearance deceives many; the intelligence of a few perceives what has been carefully hidden.
The negative side of the American Dream comes when people pursue success at any cost, which in turn destroys the vision and the dream.
Never let a win get to your head, or a loss to your heart.
Happiness is a choice. You can choose to be happy. There\'s going to be stress in life, but it\'s your choice whether you let it affect you or not.
When a great man dies, for years the light he leaves behind him, lies on the paths of men.
Mistakes have the power to turn you into something better than you were before.
When you focus on problems, you will have more problems. When you focus on possibilities, you will have more opportunities. Dream, Wish, Make it happen.
A bold attempt is half success.
Time is like a river. You cant touch the same water twice, because the flow that has passed will never pass again.
Someday, everything will make perfect sense. So for now, laugh at the confusion, smile through the tears, and keep reminding yourself that everything happens for a reason
Take only memories, leave nothing but footprints.
Nothing lasts forever. Forevers a lie. All we have is whats between hello and goodbye.
Everyone is beautiful in their own way because God makes no mistakes.
We are all in the same game, just different levels. Dealing with the same hell, just different devils.
The worst missing is missing your own self which you used to be once upon a time..
Mathematics may not teach us how to add love or how to minus hate. But it gives us every reason to hope that every problem has a solution.
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal, love leaves a memory no one can steal.
Live without pretending, Love without depending, Listen without defending, Speak without offending.
You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success - or are they holding you back?
Never cry for anyone in your life, because those you cry for dont deserve your tears and those who are deserving will never let you cry.
Egotism is the anesthetic that dulls the pain of stupidity.
He who has a strong enough why can bear almost any how.
If you tell a big enough lie and tell it frequently enough, it will be believed.
A Mistake increases your experience & experience decreases your mistakes. You learn from your mistakes then others learn from your success.
:) May this day bring countless happiness and endless joy and live with peace and serenity. Happy Birthday
Let us never forget that government is ourselves and not an alien power over us. The ultimate rulers of our democracy are not a President and senators and congressmen and government officials, but the voters of this country.
Few people have the imagination for reality.
The earth has music for those who listen.
Six letters, two words, easy to say, hard to explain, harder to do. MOVE ON.
Communication - the human connection - is the key to personal and career success.
I grow plants for many reasons: to please my eye or to please my soul, to challenge the elements or to challenge my patience, for novelty or for nostalgia, but mostly for the joy in seeing them grow.
Once in a lifetime, you meet someone who takes your breath away. Not because you want them too, but because they were meant to, and that person will change your life forever.
Damn Girl, You Have More Curves Than A Race Track.
A tongue has no bones but its really strong enough to break a heart.
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
Stop checking my status ! Go Get A Life :P
Women always worry about the things that men forget; men always worry about the things women remember.
O world, how apt the poor are to be proud!
Man\'s nature is not essentially evil. Brute nature has been know to yield to the influence of love. You must never despair of human nature.
The heart feels what the eyes cannot see and knows what the mind cannot understand.
I am who I am, Your approval is not needed
The road to success is not easy to navigate, but with hard work, drive and passion, it\'s possible to achieve the American dream.
Life is inherently risky. There is only one big risk you should avoid at all costs, and that is the risk of doing nothing.
Because angels are sometimes busy elsewhere, God created sisters like you.
Life is like a steering wheel, it only takes one small move to change your entire direction.
Keep a smile on your face and let your personality be your autograph
Celebrity is a mask that eats into the face. As soon as one is aware of being somebody, to be watched and listened to with extra interest, input ceases, and the performer goes blind and deaf in his overanimation.
When you automate an industry you modernize it; when you automate a life you primitivize it.
Dont Copy My Style.
A man is seldom better than his conversation.
I can talk to hundreds of people in one day, but none of them compare to the smile you can give me in one minute.
Death is the solution to all problems. No man - no problem.
Live like a candle which burns itself but gives light to others
You cannot change your future, but you can change your habits, And surely your habits… Will change your future.
The past is like using your rear view mirror in the car, its good to glance back and see how far you have come, but if you stare too long you will miss whats right in front of you.
Histories make men wise; poets, witty; the mathematics, subtle; natural philosophy, deep; moral, grave; logic and rhetoric, able to contend.
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.
Never underestimate a man who overestimates himself.
Girls can survive without a boyfriend but they cant survive without a best friend.
I knew Doris Day before she was a virgin.
Unplanned moments are always better than planned ones.
Successful people are not gifted; they just work hard, then succeed on purpose.
Pardon is the choicest flower of victory.
10% of conflict is due to difference of opinion. 90% is due to the wrong tone of voice.
The reason why daughters love their dad the most is that there is at least one man in the world who will never hurt her!!!
It is an old and true maxim that a drop of honey catches more flies than a gallon of gall. So with men, if you would win a man to your cause, first convince him that you are his sincere friend.
My silence spoke a thousand words, but you never heard them..
Be happy. Not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything.
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
Money is human happiness in the abstract: he, then, who is no longer capable of enjoying human happiness in the concrete devotes himself utterly to money.
There is nothing certain, but the uncertain.
Kindness is more than deeds. It is an attitude, an expression, a look, a touch. It is anything that lifts another person.
When we have each other we have everything.
War is the greatest plague that can afflict humanity, it destroys religion, it destroys states, it destroys families. Any scourge is preferable to it.
Martyrdom: The only way a man can become famous without ability.
One individual may die for an idea, but that idea will, after his death, incarnate itself in a thousand lives.
Those who say sunshine brings happiness have never danced in the rain.
There is a lot of difference between human being and being human. Very few understand it.
Someday when the pages of my life end, I know that you will be one of its most beautiful chapters.
Never cry for the person who hurts you, Just smile & say THANKS for giving me a chance to find someone better than you.
My Mother, my friend so dear Throughout my life youre always near A tender smile to guide my way Youre the sunshine to light my day.
Trust is like an eraser, it gets smaller after every mistake.
The golden age is before us, not behind us.
Sometimes, it only takes one person to change your life. One to be there for you, to push you, to believe in you. It only takes one.
Service to many leads to greatness-great respect, great satisfaction. Success is not having to wait until someone goes to Hong Kong before you get a camera.
I need you like the desert needs rain. Like the breathless need air, like the flowers need sunshine. I need you from the first chapter of my love story to the last.
War is to man what maternity is to a woman. From a philosophical and doctrinal viewpoint, I do not believe in perpetual peace.
I hope and pray that everything works out for you, that the pain you feel will leave, any stress or uncertainty will melt away, and everything that you strive for will fall into place.
I must have a prodigious amount of mind; it takes me as much as a week, sometimes, to make it up!
Knowledge is the antidote to fear.
A wise man changes his mind, a fool never will.
The TRUTH hurts only once but a LIE hurts every time you remember it!
Anger is the enemy of non-violence and pride is a monster that swallows it up.
Absence diminishes little passions and increases great ones, as wind extinguishes candles and fans a fire.
You can speak well if your tongue can deliver the message of your heart.
The idea is to die young as late as possible.
Life only comes around once, so do whatever makes you happy, and be with whoever makes you smile
You don\'t choose your family. They are God\'s gift to you, as you are to them.
may the happiest days of your past , be the saddest days of your future.
Make the lie big, make it simple, keep saying it, and eventually they will believe it.
He who sacrifices his conscience to ambition burns a picture to obtain the ashes.
True friends are never apart. Maybe in distance, but not in heart.
Just like seasons, people change.
Proud Mom: I gave them life they gave me a reason to live.
Its not illegal unless you get caught
The eye is the jewel of the body.
Love is not only made for lovers. It is also made 4 true friends. A true friend can love more than a lover.
Each one of us can make a difference. Together we make change.
Style is a reflection of your attitude and your personality.
All I can do everytime I miss you is to stare at your pictures and smile.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world. 
So many assume, So little know
Never stop smiling, because the eyes are the window to the soul, and the smile is the front door to your heart
Keep it simple, keep it honest, keep it real.
Every man for himself and God for us all.
Character is what you are in the dark.
I never get jealous when I see my ex with someone else, because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate.
Every sunset gives us, one day less to live. But every sunrise give us, one day more to hope. So, hope for the best. Good Day & Good Luck
There are no winners, only survivors.
A smile cures the wounding of a frown.
I hope that posterity will judge me kindly, not only as to the things which I have explained, but also to those which I have intentionally omitted so as to leave to others the pleasure of discovery.
Dear Past, thanks for all the lessons.. Dear Future, Im ready.
I hate you, God. I hate you as though you actually exist.
I want to be in your arms, where you hold me tight and never let me go.
I was quiet, but I was not blind
Life is too short to start your day with broken pieces of yesterday, it will definitely destroy your wonderful today and ruin your great tomorrow.
Six hours for a man, seven for a woman, and eight for a fool.
A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than he loves himself.
It is during the worst times of your life that you will get to see the true colors of the people who say they care for you.
No one said life would be easy, they just promised it would get better.
I have great faith in fools; self-confidence my friends call it.
People wait all week for Friday, all year for summer, all life for happiness
Simple minds are easily amused...oh look a balloon.
You have to fight through some bad days to earn the best days of your life.
I love your smile and the way you make me smile.
The only white man you can trust is a dead white man.
Where there is no vision, there is no hope.
Prevention is better than cure.
My philosophy comes from a worldview that looks at the world as one. It\'s a holistic view that sees the world as interconnected and interdependent and integrated in so many different ways, which informs my politics.
On this path effort never goes to waste, and there is no failure. Even a little effort toward spiritual awareness will protect you from the greatest fear.
Forgiveness is better than revenge, for forgiveness is the sign of a gentle nature, but revenge is the sign of a savage nature.
May God bless you to live as long as you want to; and want to as long as you live!
Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you\'re a man, you take it.
Far in distance, but near at heart, youll always be the angel of my heart.
I used to love you with all my heart, but now I tell myself Im done. And then I look at you and tell myself Im lying.
Good Morning! If nobody has told you they love you YET today let me be the FIRST I love you! Have a blessed day..
Everyday we wake up is another blessing. Follow your dreams and dont let anyone stop you.
Society everywhere is in conspiracy against the manhood of every one of its members. The virtue in most request is conformity. Self-reliance is its aversion. It loves not realities and creators, but names and customs.
Death smiles at us all, all a man can do is smile back.
Education without values, as useful as it is, seems rather to make man a more clever devil.
Good Time + Crazy Friends = Amazing Memories
Dear Insomnia..I think we really need to break-upI dont love you anymore
Sometimes I wish you were in my shoes so that one day you would be able to understand my pain and the hell I go through for you.
Love is the seventh sense which destroys all other 6 senses.
You hurt me more than I deserve, how can you be so cruel? I love you more than you deserve, why am I such a fool?
In politics, there are no friends.
Punishment is justice for the unjust.
Sometimes the strongest people are the ones who love beyond all faults, cry behind closed doors and fight battles that noboday knows about.
Poverty is the mother of crime.
Education is a shared commitment between dedicated teachers, motivated students and enthusiastic parents with high expectations.
Fear not what is not real, never was and never will be. What is real, always was and cannot be destroyed.
Kindness is a gift everyone can afford to give...
Deleting my feelings for you, ERROR! File too big!
Sometimes I keep my feelings to myself because its hard for someone else to understand them.
Revenge... is like a rolling stone, which, when a man hath forced up a hill, will return upon him with a greater violence, and break those bones whose sinews gave it motion.
Before you diagnose yourself with depression or low self-esteem, first make sure that you are not, in fact, just surrounded by assholes.
Our memories of yesterday will last a lifetime. Well take the best, forget the rest, and someday well find these are the best of times.
Poverty is a great enemy to human happiness; it certainly destroys liberty, and it makes some virtues impracticable, and others extremely difficult.
The real ornament of woman is her character, her purity.
School may be hard, annoying, and irritating. But admit it, youre going to miss it when it ends.
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you. But how strong you stand is what makes you.
Education is the foundation upon which we build our future.
When a good man is hurt all who would be called good must suffer with him.
Those we hold most dear never truly leave us ... they live on in the kindnesses they showed, the comfort they shared and the love they brought into our lives.
Do not tell secrets to those whose faith and silence you have not already tested.
Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice.
My daughter is my biggest achievement. She is a little star and my life has changed so much for the better since she came along.
You have eyes my dear but you cannot see.
Knowledge is power. Information is power. The secreting or hoarding of knowledge or information may be an act of tyranny camouflaged as humility.
Life is short, smile, while you still have teeth
Fame is the perfume of heroic deeds.
Death is not a period, but a comma in the story of life.
I am better than I was yesterday but not as good as I will be tomorrow.
What is evil?-Whatever springs from weakness.
Sometimes I wonder if love is worth fighting for, but then I remember your face and Im ready for war.
A well-aimed spear is worth three.
In true love, there is no mountain too high to climb. No river too wide to cross. And most of all in true love there is no ends.
If the table moves, move with it.
Mirror is my best friend, because when I cry it never laughs.
I love my eyes when you look into them I love my name when you say it I love my heart when you love it I love my life when you are in it.
Whatever you do, good or bad, people will always have something negative to say
Jika cinta bisa membuat seorang perempuan setia pada satu lelaki, kenapa cinta tidak bisa membuat lelaki bertahan dengan satu perempuan?
Freedom is the right to live as we wish.
I think the Iraqi people have shown extraordinary patience and courage in the last few months. They have really put a political system on the way to success, to a real democracy here.
It is not truth that matters, but victory.
No man is poor who has a Godly mother.
Boobs are like the Sun...you can stare at them directly just for a few seconds. But if you put on sunglasses, stare as much as you want!
Everything I like is either Illegal, Immoral, Fattening, Addictive, Expensive, or Impossible.
An army of deer would be more formidable commanded by a lion, than a an army of lions commanded by a stag.
Our eyes are placed in front because it is more important to look ahead than to look back
A narrow mind has a broad tongue.
Confusion is the beginning of wisdom.
Silence is the voice of complicity.
There go my people, I must find out where they are going so I can lead them.
We think our fathers fools, so wise we grow. Our wiser sons, no doubt will think us so.
A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me.
Your Eyes Are Blue, Like The Ocean. And Baby, Im Lost At Sea.
B+  Not my blood group neither my grade in maths  Its my favourite quote. BE POSITIVE?
Make someone smile whenever you can, you never know how much of a difference you could be making in their life at that moment
If you stand straight, do not fear a crooked shadow.
Ego trip: a journey to nowhere.
Retail is detail.
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor.
Life is like making tea! Boil your ego, Evaporate your worries, Dilute your sorrows, Filter your mistakes & Get Taste of Happiness. :)
Love well, whip well.
Minds are like flowers they only open when the time is right. 
A good lawyer is a bad neighbor.
The worst mistake is to not make any.
Friendship is essentially a partnership.
Some nights I burn in the fire of my own thoughts.
Characterize?people by their actions and you will never be fooled by their words.
Even the prettiest flower will wilt one day. Its natures way of teaching us that nothing lasts forever.
When I is replaced with WE even illness becomes wellness.
There are decades where nothing happens; and there are weeks where decades happen.
Did You Sit In A Pile Of Sugar? Cause You Have A Pretty Sweet Ass.
God comes to the hungry in the form of food.
Life is like a train station people come and go all the time, but the ones that wait for the train with you are the ones that are worth keeping in it.
All love is sweet, Given or returned. Common as light is love, And its familiar voice wearies not ever. They who inspire is most are fortunate, As I am now: but those who feel it most Are happier still.
Madam, a circulating library in a town is as an evergreen tree of diabolical knowledge; it blossoms through the year. And depend on it that they who are so fond of handling the leaves, will long for the fruit at last.
Everybody says, mistake is the first step of success but the real fact is correction of mistake is the first step of success.
No one is too busy, its only a matter of priorities.
Music is my way out, Music is my way of getting away, music is another life, some times music is all you need to get away to that world no one knows about
Friends, I agree with you in Providence; but I believe in the Providence of the most men, the largest purse, and the longest cannon.
Remember the past, plan for the future, but live for today, because yesterday is gone and tomorrow may never come.
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye.
Military men are dumb, stupid animals to be used as pawns for foreign policy.
Time and good friends are two things that become more valuable the older you get.
It is double pleasure to deceive the deceiver.
Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes, that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts.
Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.
What is man without the beasts? If all the beasts were gone, man would die from a great loneliness of spirit. For whatever happens to the beasts, soon happens to man. All things are connected.
Might not be tonight, tomorrow or the next day but everything is gonna be OK.
Many receive advice, only the wise profit by it.
Promise is a big word. It either makes something or breaks everything!
Marriages are made in heaven and consummated on Earth.
In any relationship, when attachment dies, formalities are born and when formalities born then nothing remains.
People who exercise their embryonic freedom day after day, little by little, expand that freedom. People who do not will find that it withers until they are literally being lived. They are acting out scripts written by parents, associates and society.
Life is a dream walking death is a going home.
Time and health are two precious assets that we don\'t recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted.
A crowd is not company, and faces are but a gallery of pictures.
Time is the wisest counselor of all.
Keep it real or keep it moving.
No ray of sunlight is ever lost, but the green which it awakes into existence needs time to sprout, and it is not always granted to the sower to see the harvest. All work that is worth anything is done in faith.
We live in an age of haste. Some people look at an egg and expect it to crow.
No matter how eloquently a dog may bark, he cannot tell you that his parents were poor, but honest.
Words, without power, is mere philosophy.
The gods conceal from men the happiness of death, that they may endure life.
When someone special walks into your life and changes things for the better, dont let them walk away.
Anyone can be a father, but it takes someone special to be a dad, and that\'s why I call you dad, because you are so special to me. You taught me the game and you taught me how to play it right.
When you go to dig a grave for your enemy-dig two.
1 year down & forever to go, Happy Anniversary.
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.
Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible.
A father is a man who expects his son to be as good a man as he meant to be.
To me, flowers are happiness.
My ears are too beeg for my head. My head ees too beeg for my body. I am not a Siamese cat ... I AM A CHIHUAHUA!   <em>-- Skippyjon Jones (In his very best Spanish accent)</em>
He who strikes terror in others is himself continually in fear.
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited or erased. It can only be accepted.
Even the weak become strong when they are united.
By foreign hands thy humble grave adorned; By strangers honored, and by strangers mourned.
A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
Inactivity is death.
Life is full of fake people. Before you decide to judge them, make sure youre not one of them.
I may not have the cutest eyes, prettiest smile, gorgeous face or perfect body. But I do have a caring heart.
Believe me, every man has his secret sorrows, which the world knows not; and oftentimes we call a man cold, when he is only sad.
What would an ocean be without a monster lurking in the dark?  It would be like sleep without dreams.
History is Philosophy teaching by examples.
Religion was invented when the first con man met the first fool.
You will never know what you are capable of until you take that first step and go for it.
My mother was really into big band. It was played in the house all the time.
A person who irritates you always is the one who loves you but fails to express that.
Those who do not complain are never pitied.
A friend is someone with whom you dare to be yourself.
In life there is no fairy tales, no happily ever after, no prince charming. In life its reality where you are going to be hurt, you are going to cry. But the best thing about reality is that there is a tomorrow.
Friendship at first sight, like love at first sight, is said to be the only truth.
Every single person on the planet has a story. Dont judge people before you truly know them. The truth might surprise you.
Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools and accepted by idiots.
Show me a man who has never made a mistake, and I will show you one who has never tried anything.
To have felt too much is to end in feeling nothing.
The heights by great men reached and kept Were not obtained by sudden flight,But they, while their companions slept,Were toiling upward in the night
The idea that religion and politics don\'t mix was invented by the Devil to keep Christians from running their own country.
The meaning of peace is the absence of opposition to socialism.
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them.
Man is a gregarious animal and much more so in his mind than in his body. A golden rule; judge men not by their opinions but by what their opinions have made of them.
Nothing is so simple that it cannot be misunderstood.
Fail I alone, in words and deeds? Why, all men strive and who succeeds?
You can\'t win unless you learn how to lose.
Only a fool knows everything. A wise man knows how little he knows.
Heroes are ordinary people who make themselves extraordinary.
My suffering left me sad and gloomy.
No, no, we are not satisfied, and we will not be satisfied until justice rolls down like waters and righteousness like a mighty stream.
Apathy is the glove into which evil slips its hand.
Two barrels of tears do not heal a bruise.
I cannot go to the Opera, because I have forsworn all expense which does not end in pleasing me.
Find a need and fill it.
God bless this special best friend of mine with all happiness and accomplishment in life.Im truly blessed to have yo as my best est buddy.
sometimes tears are a sign of unspoken happiness :) and a smile is sign of silent pain.
Where there is love there is life.
Behind many smiles hide rivers of tears! Never be fooled by a smile! Sometimes people who laugh the most in our presence... Are those who cry the most when they are alone at night!
So many books, so little time.
My mom is definitely my rock.
Keep moving! Nothing new to read
Courage is rightly considered the foremost of the virtues, for upon it, all others depend.
Every heart has a pain. Only the way of expressing it is different. Fools hide it in eyes, while brilliant hide it in their smile.
Examine what is said, not him who speaks.
Clean your finger before you point at my spots.
Life is about learning from the past, trusting your intuition going forward, taking chances, finding moments of happiness, and realizing everything is simply a lesson that happens for a reason.
Without labor nothing prospers.
Speak your mind, even if your voice shakes.
By plucking her petals, you do not gather the beauty of the flower.
The goal of socialism is communism.
May this day be the beginning of another beautiful year for you. May there be pleasant surprises, loads of joy and infinite happiness. Wish you a very happy birthday.
A great man is always willing to be little.
Patriotism is when love of your own people comes first; nationalism, when hate for people other than your own comes first.
Sovereignty is not given, it is taken.
May your heart be happy, may your days be bright, may your roads be smooth, may your burdens be light, may you find the dreams, may you touch the stars, may you never forget, how special you are.
You can never plan the future by the past.
The life of spies is to know, not to be known.
But what is Hope? Nothing but the paint on the face of Existence; the least touch of truth rubs it off, and then we see what a hollow-cheeked harlot we have got hold of.
When you educate a man you educate an individual; when you educate a woman you educate a whole family.
Although this may seem a paradox, all exact science is dominated by the idea of approximation. When a man tells you that he knows the exact truth about anything, you are safe in inferring that he is an inexact man.
I think comedy is one of the hardest things to do.
Motherhood: All love begins and ends there.
A true friend is one soul in two bodies.
Behind every girls favorite song is an untold story.
The control of information is something the elite always does, particularly in a despotic form of government. Information, knowledge, is power. If you can control information, you can control people.
Don\'t get me wrong, there are sometimes if I go and see a really funny comedy, that I wished I had smoked a joint. I\'ll be honest with you. That\'s the truth.
He who lives without discipline dies without honor.
One of the worst things about racism is what it does to young people.
I promise one day you will regret losing me youll look back and say, Dammn... that guy really did love me. Happy Promise Day!
Common Sense is very uncommon.
A father is a banker provided by nature.
Life is weird, first you wanna grow up, then you wanna be a kid again.
My greatest trouble is getting the curtain up and down.
The difference between tragedy and comedy: Tragedy is something awful happening to somebody else, while comedy is something awful happening to somebody else.
In life we all have an unspeakable secret ,an irreversible regret , an unreachable dream and an unforgettable love!!!
Knowledge is a treasure but practice is the key to it.
Anger as soon as fed is dead <BR>Tis starving makes it fat.  
The sky, the sky beyond the door is blue.
Every man who repeats the dogma of Mill that one country is no fit to rule another country must admit that one class is not fit to rule another class.
If Nothing Lasts Forever, Will You Be My Nothing?
Great souls have wills; feeble ones have only wishes.
Dance is for everybody. I believe that the dance came from the people and that it should always be delivered back to the people.
The hours of folly are measured by the clock; but of wisdom, no clock can measure.
4 things never come back in Life: spoken word, wasted time, past and neglected opportunity. So think twice and act nice.
The eyes indicate the antiquity of the soul.
Never feel sad about losing anything in life because whenever a tree loses a leaf, A new leaf grows in its place.
I keep myself busy with things to do, but everytime I pause, I still think of you.
One day, we will never have to say goodbye, only goodnight.
The more we study, the more we discover our ignorance.
Time is the school in which we learn, time is the fire in which we burn.
There was a French singer, Francoise Hardy - I used to look at her pictures and try to dress like her.
To read without reflecting is like eating without digesting.
Weak minds sink under prosperity as well as adversity; but strong and deep ones have two high tides.
Tomorrow is an old deceiver, and his cheat never grows stale.
The Universal view melts things into a blur.
Th abuse of greatness is when it disjoins remorse from power.
Success is only meaningful and enjoyable if it feels like your own.
Wear the old coat and buy the new book.
The boughs that bear most hang lowest.
Life is unpredictable and you never know what is coming next. Dont ever get too comfortable. Always be ready for change.
Our value is the sum of our values.
Sometimes life surprises you and exceeds your expectations. Take notice of this, be thankful and more days like this will come. Be grateful.
We shall not grow wiser before we learn that much that we have done was very foolish.
Advertising is the greatest art form of the 20th century.
The sky broke like an egg into full sunset and the water caught fire.
To the living we owe respect, but to the dead we owe only the truth.
I universe, 8 planets, 204 countries, 804 islands, 7 seas, 7 billion people and my heart still tell me its only you.
The only antidote to mental suffering is physical pain.
Few have luck, all have death.
Awesome yeh mausam badaaaa <3
Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go its pretty damn good.
The way I see you is like the way I see the stars, far but still beautiful.
Persistence is what makes the impossible possible, the possible likely, and the likely definite.
The one who falls and gets up is much stronger than the one who never fell.
Patience is the art of hoping.
By the year 2020, the year of perfect vision, the old will outnumber the young.
In delay there lies no plenty.
Touch it gently, put 2 fingers inside, if its wide use 3 fingers, make sure its wet and rub up and down. Yep thats how you wash a cup.
Too humble is half proud.
Art is the signature of civilizations.
Without goals, and plans to reach them, you are like a ship that has set sail with no destination.
I dont need drugs, Life is killing me slowly all by itself.
Riding a race bike is an art - a thing that you do because you feel something inside.
Silence and smiles are two powerful tools. Smile is the way to solve many problems and Silence is the way to avoid many problems
Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid.
All that you touch  You Change.  All that you Change  Changes you.  The only lasting truth  is Change.  God  is Change.
There is no class so pitiably wretched as that which possesses money and nothing else.
Politeness is an inexpensive way of making friends.
Weeping may endure for a night, but joy comet in the morning. Psalms 30:5
There is no glory in practice, but without practice, there is no glory…
It just happened that the public happened to, uh, appreciate the satirical quality of these crazy things.
Governor Isaac Stevens of the Washington Territory said there were a great many white people in our country, and many more would come; that he wanted the land marked out so that the Indians and the white man could be separated.
The attack on Clinton on terrorism is entirely politically inspired by the right-wing of the Republicans, and has no basis in fact whatsoever.
Even a blind dog can find a bone every so often.
Property is organized robbery.
Money can buy you a fine dog, but only love can make him wag his tail.
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.
Fear is the mother of foresight.
A shadow has fallen upon the scenes so lately lighted by the Allied victory. From Stettin in the Baltic to Trieste in the Adriatic, an iron curtain has descended across the Continent.
Corruption is worse than prostitution. The latter might endanger the morals of an individual, the former invariably endangers the morals of the entire country.
He who sings scares away his woes. 
Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge: it is those who know little, and not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science.
When you light a candle, you also cast a shadow.
The paradoxes of today are the prejudices of tomorrow, since the most benighted and the most deplorable prejudices have had their moment of novelty when fashion lent them its fragile grace.
Happiness keeps you sweet, trials keep you strong, sorrows keep you human, failures keep you humble, success keeps you glowin, friends and family keep you goin..
I was your cure and you were my disease. I was saving you, and you were killing me.
Everything changed in the blink of an eye. Everything happens for a reason, but only God knows why.
Never let your feelings get too deep, people can change at any moment.
I\'m crazy, I\'m nuts. Just the way my brain works. I\'m not normal. I think differently.
You can have data without information, but you cannot have information without data.
Elbow grease is the best polish.
Sylvia Plath was just a month and a half older than I, and when she committed suicide I was only 30 - and very shocked and sorry. I never knew her personally.
Last night I hugged my pillow and dreamt of you. I wish that someday Id dream about my pillow and Id be hugging you.
True love comes once in a lifetime, open your eyes and your heart and see the miracle in front of you.
We are not called by God to do extraordinary things but to do ordinary things with extraordinary love.  
Every flower is a soul blossoming in nature.
Hidden talent counts for nothing.
Memories warm you up from the inside. But they also tear you apart.
History never looks like history when you are living through it.
What is the worst of woes that wait on age? What stamps the wrinkle deeper on the brow? To view each loved one blotted from life\'s page, And be alone on earth, as I am now.
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.
The love we give away is the only love we keep.
Reality is a prison, where one vegetates and always will. All the rest --thought, action --is just a pastime, mental or physical. What counts then, is to come to grips with reality. The rest can go.
We must use time as a tool, not as a couch.
People say, Find good people & leave bad ones but it should be, Find the good in people & ignore the bad in them. Remember No One Is Perfect in This World.
Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths pure theatre.
A mighty flame followeth a tiny spark.
I believe that children are our future. Teach them well and let them lead the way. Show them all the beauty they possess inside.
He that has eyes to see and ears to hear may convince himself that no mortal can keep a secret. If his lips are silent, he chatters with his fingertips; betrayal oozes out of him at every pore.
The safety of the people shall be the highest law.
Bad officials are elected by good citizens who do not vote.
Drive slow and enjoy the scenery - drive fast and join the scenery.
Once a secret society establishes itself within an open society, there is no end to the hideous mistrust it must cause.
Lets learn to ignore selfish people just like the way we ignore Terms & conditions of any software.
One of the processes of your life is to constantly break down that inferiority, to constantly reaffirm that I Am Somebody.
One always wonders about roads not taken.
The buyer needs a hundred eyes; the seller but one.
If you are ruled by mind you are a king; if by body, a slave.
The truth is always the strongest argument. Sophocles Truth is a thing immortal and perpetual, and it gives to us a beauty that fades not away in time.
Beauty is the greatest seducer of man.
A famous person to themselves, they don\'t get up in the morning and think, I\'m famous. I\'m not famous to me. Famous is a perception.
A meaningful silence is always better than meaningless words.
Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option.
The more you stir it the more it stinks.
Experience is like a comb that life gives you when you are bald.
When your dreams turn to dust, vacuum.
It is very strange, and very melancholy, that the paucity of human pleasures should persuade us ever to call hunting one of them.
There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness.
In my stars I am above thee; but be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination.
Patience means self-suffering.
Think before you speak. Read before you think.
Filmmaking is a chance to live many lifetimes.
The more you say, the less people remember. The fewer the words, the greater the profit.
We are selling dreams. We are merchants of happiness.
Noi tutti siamo esiliati  entro lo cornici di uno strano quadro.  Chi sa questo, viva da grande,  Gli altri sono insetti.
Every man should see the birth of his children.
If you carry your childhood with you, you never become older.
An oak is not felled at one blow.
No one notices your tears, No one notices your sadness, No one notices your pains, but they all notice your mistakes.
Education is the chief defense of nations.
When i am good i am best , when i am bad i am worst.!!!!
There is not a passion so strongly rooted in the human heart as envy.
It takes a long time to understand nothing.
Speech is power: speech is to persuade, to convert, to compel. It is to bring another out of his bad sense into your good sense.
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a week sometimes to make it up.
Blue oblivion, largely lit, smiled and smiled at me.
Every guilty person is his own hangman.
I offer neither pay, nor quarters, nor food; I offer only hunger, thirst, forced marches, battles and death. Let him who loves his country with his heart, and not merely with his lips, follow me.
Miss Brooke had that kind of beauty which seems to be thrown into relief by poor dress.
He either fears his fate too much, Or his deserts are small, That dares not put it to the touch, To gain or lose it all.
Reading makes a full man, meditation a profound man, discourse a clear man.
A hard beginning maketh a good ending.
Power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.
The history of mankind is his character.
This mournful truth is everywhere confessed, slow rises worth by poverty depressed.
If a thoughtless thought is thought, would a thought thoughtlessly think of thoughtless thoughts whenever thinking thoughts are thoughtless? What a thought, eh?
In this business, life is one long fund-raising effort.
America is like a healthy body and its resistance is threefold: its patriotism, its morality and its spiritual life. If we can undermine these three areas, America will collapse from within.
Im tired of pretending everything is okay when it is not.
The best love story is when you fall in love with the most unexpected person at the most unexpected time.
My life,My rules My Attitude!!!
He who controls the past commands the future. He who commands the future conquers the past.
In a relationship each person should support the other; they should lift each other up.
Time is a great healer, but a poor beautician.
Style is primarily a matter of instinct.
Was Your Father A Thief? Cause Someone Stole The Stars From The Sky And Put Them In Your Eyes.
GOD has perfect timing, never early, never late. It takes a little patience and it takes a lot of faith. but its worth the wait.
If they want a photograph, then just take it.
Nothing hurts more than realizing he meant everything to you and you meant nothing to him
Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me.
Perfection is our goal, excellence will be tolerated.
The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread.
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
A rut is a grave with no ends.
8 planets, 204 countries, 809 islands, 7 seas, 6,000,000,000+ people, and I am still SINGLE.
Good men must die, but death cannot kill their names.
Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result.
When we arrived in Japan in 1988, we were not prepared for the overwhelming support shown to us.
And during my college, at the end of the junior year I worked in a mine.
Some?people are so important in our life, not because we enjoy their company, but because we feel so lonely in their absence.
Damn the torpedoes! Full speed ahead!
Be secret and exult, Because of all things known That is most difficult.
I against my brother I and my brother against our cousin, my brother and our cousin against the neighbors all of us against the foreigner.
Look beneath the surface; let not the several quality of a thing nor its worth escape thee.
Sports are a microcosm of society.
I am I plus my surroundings and if I do not preserve the latter, I do not preserve myself.
A committee of one gets things done.
From infancy on we are all spies; the shame is not this but that the secrets to be discovered are so paltry and few.
So sweet love seemed that April morn. When first we kissed beside the thorn, So strangely sweet, it was not strange We thought that love could never change.
Adversity makes men, and prosperity makes monsters.
Next to the assumption of power is the responsibility of relinquishing it.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The difference is discipline weighs ounces while regret weighs tons.
Знай, че после отечеството си съм обичал най-много тебе. / Remember my dear that after the homeland I love you the most.
Beware of artists they mix with all classes of society and are therefore most dangerous.
My lasting impression of Truman Capote is that he was a terribly gentle, terribly sensitive, and terribly sad man.
Nothing you wear is more important than your smile.
Some people only listen to, and believe what they want to hear, the truth, to them, is irrelevant.
Dont trust too much, dont hope too much because that too much? can hurt you so much.
Dont trust too much, dont love too much, dont care too much because that too much will hurt you so much!
How did we go from talking everyday to strangers?
Music is the universal language of mankind.
Knowledge is like underwear. It is useful to have it, but not necessary to show it off.
Blessed indeed is the man who hears many gentle voices call him father!
Half knowledge is worse than ignorance.
No matter how small and unimportant what we are doing may seem, if we do it well, it may soon become the step that will lead us to better things.
Lena Horne is the sweetest and most adorable woman in the world.
White man builds big fire, stands back. Indian builds little fire, huddles close
Without change there is no innovation, creativity, or incentive for improvement. Those who initiate change will have a better opportunity to manage the change that is inevitable.
Television is not real life. In real life people actually have to leave the coffee shop and go to jobs.
I see a New York that is once again the empire state.
We must create a kind of globalization that works for everyone... and not just for a few.
I got a call from the Oprah Winfrey Show. Oprah had chosen Spanx as one of her favorite products in 2000. I had boxes of product in my apartment and I had two weeks notice that she was going to say she loved it on TV and I had no shipping department.
Problem of solving a problem is not a problem, but when a problem solves a problem without any problem then the problem is not at all a problem. Any problem?
Life is a one way street no matter how many detours you take, none of them lead back. So enjoy lifes every moment, as none of them will happen the same way again.
In 1967 the last Unity Caravan was held.
All it takes for evil to succeed is for a few good men to do nothing... 
Better hate me for what I am...  than love me for what I am not.
When you have a spiritual foundation, you look at poverty differently then.
The secret of getting things done is to act!
Every hero becomes a bore at last.
When I count my blessings, I count you twice.
Keep a cool head and maintain a low profile. Never take the lead - but aim to do something big.
Like Cato, give his little senate laws, and sit attentive to his own applause.
Be nice and smile to everyone you meet. You dont know what they are going through and they may need that smile and treasure it
On my tombstone they will carve, IT NEVER GOT FAST ENOUGH FOR ME.
There is a tide in the affairs of men, which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune; omitted, all the voyage of their life is bound in shallows and in miseries.
Many young Japanese were hearing for the first time the words of Native people from the West.
Morality is largely a matter of geography.
Death solves all problems - no man, no problem.
You are an example of better things to come.
The wise man does not lay up his own treasures. The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own.
If I  treated you the way you treat me,  you would hate my guts.
Every man is surrounded by a neighborhood of voluntary spies.
No power can rule this head, who is ready to be separated from its body in the name of freedom and the good of all humanity. / Няма власт над оная глава, която е готова да се отдели от плещите си в името на свободата и за благото на цялото човечество.
Women, can\'t live with them, can\'t live without them.
When a man finds a good woman and treats her the way she deserves to be treated it will change his Life. God favors a man that finds his wife and Loves her the way God Loves her
Most of the narcissists are geniuses and masters of Psychology. But they are using their knowledge to eradicate, rather than to help humanity.
The strong man is strongest when alone.
To rule is easy, to govern difficult.
I never had a speech from my father \'this is what you must do or shouldn\'t do\' but I just learned to be led by example. My father wasn\'t perfect.
One day I may die without saying good bye to you but I will never forget to say thank you because you have given me one of loveliest friendship.
In life we never lose friends, we only learn who the true ones are.
I was wholeheartedly attracted to the conservative atmosphere that permeated the city of Washington.
It also called upon traditional people in the Four Directions to strengthen the healing ceremonies and asked people to heed the warnings of Mother Earth.
This is the wonderful thing about espionage, nothing exists any more.
Sometimes you need to know your place in someones life because you might get hurt if you expect too much
Profaneness is a brutal vice. He who indulges in it is no gentleman.
Bureaucracy is the death of any achievement.
I did then what I knew how to do.  Now that I know better, I do better.
Hated by many, wanted by plenty, disliked by some, confronted by none.
Spending today complaining about yesterday wont make tomorrow any better.
An honest man speaks the truth, though it may give offence; a vain man, in order that it may.
Whatever you vividly imagine, ardently desire, sincerely believe, and enthusiastically act upon... must inevitably come to pass!
Most importantly, the meaning of spirituality lays the seeds for our destiny and the path we must follow.
A Friend is a treasure. More precious than Gold, For love shared is priceless And never grows old.
When planning for a year, plant corn. When planning for a decade, plant trees. When planning for life, train and educate people.
We who officially value freedom of speech above life itself seem to have nothing to talk about but the weather.
If youre going to stay, stay forever. If youre going to leave, then do it today. If youre going to change, change for the better. And if youre going to talk, make sure you mean what you say.
I suppose leadership at one time meant muscles; but today it means getting along with people.
Despite my ghoulish reputation, I really have the heart of a small boy. I keep it in a jar on my desk.
When one door closes, another door opens; but we so often look so long and regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us.
May your neighbours respect you, trouble neglect you, angels protect you and heaven accept you.
I hope there will be some good news and some good profits, and people will realize we have a lot of outstanding executives, and a lot of companies that are doing a good job, and those are good companies to invest in.
Sometimes life becomes too complicated and all you need is just to let it flow, because God still controls everything.
Change is certain. Peace is followed by disturbances; departure of evil men by their return. Such recurrences should not constitute occasions for sadness but realities for awareness, so that one may be happy in the interim.
Cafe De Flore speaks of love, its joys, its pains and its dramas - to love and to lose. This story upset me, I was upside-down, in the depths of myself.
So the Comic Book Legal Defense Fund is out there preserving and fighting for, and sometimes winning and sometimes losing, the fight for First Amendment rights in comics and, more generally, for freedom of speech.
You create beauty with your attitude, your behaviours, and your actions. Its all up to you
Always choose the right path and speak the truth.
Inside every adult there\'s still a child that lingers. We\'re happiness merchants - giving people the opportunity to dream like children.
Life changes so quickly that in a second so many things can happen. It is in these flickering moments that we suffer, we endure, we rejoice, and we mourn. It is these moments that will make memories that last a lifetime.
In 1990 we ran across Europe through 13 countries and covering 7,130 miles.
The Sun, Moon and Stars are there to guide us.
Blind belief in authority is the greatest enemy of truth.
Failure is always temporary, only giving up makes it permanent.
A birthday is just the first day of another 365-day journey around the sun. Enjoy the trip. HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Be not disturbed at being misunderstood; be disturbed rather at not being understanding.
Life is like a mirror, if you frown at it, it frowns back; if you smile, it returns the greeting
A good wife is one who serves her husband in the morning like a mother does, loves him in the day like a sister does and pleases him like a prostitute in the night.
Hi, Im Writing A Term Paper On The Finer Things In Life, And I Was Wondering If I Could Interview You?
I tried to forget you, but the harder I tried, the more I thought about you
My last seen at? was just to check your last seen at?.
Yes, today is my birthday, Therefore I will be treated like a Queen..
I thought I lost you but then I realized that you were never mine.
It is an understanding with the Great Spirit or Creator that we will follow these ways.
Politics is show business for ugly people.
Democracy is when the indigent, and not the men of property, are the rulers.
Life is not fair; get used to it.
I am trying to show the world that we are all human beings and that color is not important. What is important is the quality of our work.
My feelings about myself have been terrible.
Friendship needs no words...
A man without ethics is a wild beast loosed upon this world.
his isnt a Whatsapp Status...this is just to show that no status matches my feelings right now. :(
What the eye does not admire the heart does not desire.
To know oneself, one should assert oneself. Psychology is action, not thinking about oneself. We continue to shape our personality all our life. If we knew ourselves perfectly, we should die.
I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ.
Beware, Im not in my greatest mood today..
If I miss one day of practice, I notice it. If I miss two days, the critics notice it. If I miss three days, the audience notices it.
Every man is two men; one is awake in the darkness, the other asleep in the light.
Be present in all things and thankful for all things.
The choices you make today shape your world tomorrow
Child abuse and neglect offend the basic values of our state. We have a responsibility to provide safe settings for at-risk children and facilitate permanent placement for children who cannot return home.
Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you. But simply to say THANK YOU, for all that you gave me.
Dream higher than the sky and deeper than the ocean.
I always want to have more dancers in my company.
Even the people who come our way look upon us in amazement, that we run only for the healing of Mother Earth.
There may be a smile on my face, but inside Im crying. I may be laughing, but inside Im dying
My family is my strength and my weakness.
Everything in the world is about sex except sex. Sex is about power.
Since the beginning, Native Peoples lived a life of being in harmony with all that surrounds us.
If someone else has done it, I can do it too. If no one has, then I can be the first.
It matters not how long you live, but how well.
Life is like a snow globe, often its prettiest AFTER its been turned upside-down
I had the Big Horn river explored from Wind River mountain to my place of embarkation.
Arms are the only true badge of liberty. The possession of arms is the distinction of a free man from a slave.
Freedom is never dear at any price. It is the breath of life. What would a man not pay for living?
In 1978, the tradition of running from village to village with a message was revived. that first run was from Davis to Los Angeles, a distance of 500 miles.
The most effective way to destroy people is to deny and obliterate their own understanding of their history.
The best things happen unexpectedly.
We have one life; it soon will be past; what we do for God is all that will last.
The Ones Who Are Crazy Enough To Think That They Can Change The World Are The Ones Who Do.
Facts are stubborn things; and whatever may be our wishes, our inclinations, or the dictates of our passions, they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence.
Sow a thought and you reap an action; sow an act and you reap a habit; sow a habit and you reap a character; sow a character and you reap a destiny.
Advice after injury is like medicine after death.
Happy Birthday to the most amazing man ever.. I love you soo much..
A friend is one that knows you as you are, understands where you have been, accepts what you have become, and still, gently allows you to grow.
You make the world a better place by making yourself a better person.
Marriage is like a besieged castle; those who are on the outside wish to get in; and those who are on the inside wish to get out.
This is not the end, this is not even the beginning of the end, this is just perhaps the end of the beginning.
Some people need to open their small minds instead of their big mouths.
I miss our long talks, your smile, your laugh, your smell, your kisses and your hugs. I wish I could have them back.
However, the word madda in modern Hebrew specifically means science.
I like the way my own feet smell. I love to smell my sneakers when I take them off.
To the confusion of our enemies.
Wise men never sit and wail their loss, but cheerily seek how to redress their harms.
How do you keep an idiot in suspense? Leave a message and Ill get back to you.
You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you can not fool all of the people all of the time.
And Americans realized that native people are still here, that they have a moral standing, a legal standing.
But you are absolutely right that when the international community decides to help in a meaningful manner a country like Afghanistan, then coordination between the various actors that are involved in these processes is very, very difficult indeed.
Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.
The loud laugh that spoke the vacant mind.
However, when Java is promoted as the sole programming language, its flaws and limitations become serious.
Knowledge without wisdom is a load of books on the back of an ass.
Respect your efforts, respect yourself. Self-respect leads to self-discipline. When you have both firmly under your belt, that\'s real power.
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
Practice has a logic which is not that of the logician.
The trust of the innocent is the liar\'s most useful tool.
Several speeches were made by the chiefs during the council, all expressive in the highest degree of their friendly disposition towards our government, and their conduct in every particular manifested the sincerity of their declarations.
Only you can put a smile on my face when im sad...
I know my silence and my tears will heal my pain one day.
The Canadian run can be no different, at least in terms of actual running.
Uh, I just had an operation last March which was rather serious and I\'m recuperating now. I\'m on a very bland diet. But, uh, I\'m lucky, I was just lucky, that\'s all.
The future depends on what you do today.
The enemy advances, we retreat; the enemy camps, we harass; the enemy tires, we attack; the enemy retreats, we pursue.
Poverty often deprives a man of all spirit and virtue, it is hard for an empty bag to stand upright.
We march and fight, to death or on to victory. Our might is right, no traitors shall prevail. Our hearts are steeled against the fiery gates of hell. No shot or shell, can still our mighty song.
Worse things have happened to better people.
Do the thing and you will have the power. But they that do not the thing, had not the power.
Revenge is a confession of pain.
As the U.S. trade deficit, and the portion of that deficit attributed to China, continue to grow, our own economy is at risk of losing its reputation as a leader in world trade.
One of the reasons people hate politics is that truth is rarely a politician\'s objective. Election and power are.
Enjoy the little things in life, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
The slogan was \'Don\'t trust anyone over thirty\'. Sixty years later the slogan became, \'Don\'t trust anyone over ninety\'.
Im shy at first, but once Im comfortable with you get ready for some crazy shit.
Loneliness expresses the pain of being alone and solitude expresses the glory of being alone.
Discipline without freedom is tyranny. Freedom without discipline is chaos.
The difference between like, love and in love is the same difference between for now, for a while and forever.
All the ills of democracy can be cured by more democracy.
I have no doubt that there are great people about though... the thing of it is, nothing to this day moves me like classical music (Debussy, Vaughn Williams).
Two fundamentals of cool life  Walk like you are the king OR walk like you dont care ,who is the king.
DNA is like a computer program but far far more advanced than any software ever created.
Doing good to others is not a duty, it is a joy, for it increases our own health and happiness.
Life is way too short for bad vibes.
I was bred and raised in a multi-cultural music background.
We are three countries that emerged from the former Yugoslavia - countries that are now in transition and must cooperate with each other, because our economies depend on each other.
God only makes happy endings. If its not happy, then its not the end.
When I did sports cartoons, I used to uh, go to fights.
All that is not given is lost.
Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And if you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you.
Life is like a roller coaster. You can either scream every time there is a bump or you can throw your hands up and enjoy the ride.
Communism is not love. Communism is a hammer which we use to crush the enemy.
The purpose of government is to enable the people of a nation to live in safety and happiness. Government exists for the interests of the governed not for the governors. 
If my love for you is a crime, I want to be the most wanted criminal.
The eye is the mirror of the soul.
Coins always make sound but currency notes are always silent. So when your value increase keep yourself calm and silent.
No, a fool learns from experience. A wise man learns from the experience of others.
To be selected was an honor, and in respect of the family member chosen to run, families held feasts and gave away prized beaver coats, quilled tobacco bags and buffalo hides.
We love death. The U.S. loves life. That is the difference between us two.
if you value a relationship treat it with respect and kindness
Only ungrateful people complain about the smallest issues.
Show me the leader and I will know his men. Show me the men and I will know their leader.
Those who vote decide nothing. Those who count the vote decide everything.
I may not be rich in money, but I am rich in things money cant buy.
Bump!  Bump! Bump! Did you ever ride a wump? We have a Wump with just one hump. But, we know a man called Mr. Gump. Mr Gump has a seven hump Wump. So... if you Bump! Bump! Just jump on the hump on the Wump of Gump.
Sleep is good, death is better; but of course, the best thing would to have never been born at all.
Life rests on the pillar of love, care & trust. Have a strong pillar to have a beautiful life.
The tree of silence bears the fruit of peace.
The sound has grown and sweetened over the years as well, and you can hear it on many of my recordings and, most likely, will see and hear me playing it if you come to a live show.
That awkward moment between birth and death is life.
Adaptability is not imitation. It means power of resistance and assimilation.
Every decision that they take has enormous consequences, and ripple out from the White House.
Sometimes you have to pick the gun up to put the Gun down. 
When the people fear the government, there is tyranny. When the government fears the people, there is liberty.
For too long, opponents of the PATRIOT Act have transformed this law into a grossly distorted caricature that bears no relation to the legislation itself.
I am not bound to win, but i am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but i am bound to live up to what light i have.
The crucial differences which distinguish human societies and human beings are not biological. They are cultural.
My back is not a voicemail, say it to my face.
At the touch of love.... everyone becomes a poet.  Happy Valentines Day
Your Ass Is So Nice That It Is A Shame That You Have To Sit On It.
The future is an unknown, but a somewhat predictable unknown. To look to the future we must first look back upon the past. That is where the seeds of the future were planted. I never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.
People realized that they could come on Fox News Sunday, and they would be well and fairly treated.
A man is great by deeds, not by birth.
The duty of a true patriot is to protect his country from government.
Shit floats to the top.
Friendship is not finding gold or silver among the rocks of life. It is accepting each other as coal until diamonds are formed with time!!!
Behind every stong soldier, there is an even stronger woman who stands behind him, supports him, and loves him with all her heart.
Life is not like a pencil, if you make a mistake, it cant be erased. Life is more like a pen, you can use white out to cover it up, but youll always be reminded of the spot where you made a mistake
At the end of the day, the goals are simple: safety and security.
Argument may win the situation but lose the person, but Patience may lose the situation but win the person.
In every conceivable manner, the family is link to our past, bridge to our future.
Only from the heart Can you touch the sky.
I believe the root of all evil is abuse of power.
Until we get equality in education, we won\'t have an equal society.
There really can be no peace without justice. There can be no justice without truth. And there can be no truth, unless someone rises up to tell you the truth.
Environmental pollution is an incurable disease. It can only be prevented.
The Fairness Project is endeavoring to try to do what we can to make a fairer society.
Two possibilities exist either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying. 
We\'re born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we\'re not alone.
Technology is the fashion of the \'90s. It affects everyone, and everyone is interested in it - either from fear of being left behind or because they have a real need to use technology.
He who controls the money supply of a nation controls the nation.
To survive in peace and harmony, united and strong, we must have one people, one nation, one flag.
Good writing is clear thinking made visible.
Be not afraid of greatness. Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and others have greatness thrust upon them.
The purpose of education is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
One accurate measurement is worth a thousand expert opinions.
Life is like a pressure cooker. Sometimes youve got to let off a little steam to keep from blowing your top.
Emancipate yourselves from mental slavery.  None but ourselves can free our minds.
Globalisation has made us more vulnerable. It creates a world without borders, and makes us painfully aware of the limitations of our present instruments, and of politics, to meet its challenges.
In Uzbekistan, hundreds of protesters were recently killed under the corrupt regime of President Karimov in what human rights groups are calling a massacre.
The rise of childhood obesity has placed the health of an entire generation at risk.
Literature does not exist in a vacuum. Writers as such have a definite social function exactly proportional to their ability as writers. This is their main use.
Politics is the art of the possible, the attainable...the art of the next best.
God often pays debts without money.
One of the saddest lessons of history is this: If we\'ve been bamboozled long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle. The bamboozle has captured us. Once you give a charlatan power over you, you almost never get it back.
Every love story is beautiful but ours is my favorite.
I choose my friends for their good looks, my acquaintances for their good characters, and my enemies for their intellects. A man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
How Was Heaven When You Left It?
Know your worth, stand your ground and never settle for less than you deserve.
Happiness comes with a price tag. If you are smiling, you have already paid for it in past.
I think that as I continue to write, my writing I hope will become more controversial and more provocative.
I think that words are often extraneous to what I do.
Technology is a useful servant but a dangerous master.
Be not deceived with the first appearance of things, for show is not substance.
To live alone is the fate of all great souls.
Dont expect too much from people, youll only be disappointed.
The distinctions separating the social classes are false; in the last analysis they rest on force.
A man is not finished when he is defeated. He is finished when he quits.
Rather fail with honor than succeed by fraud.
His thoughts were slow. His words were few and never formed to glisten. But he was a joy to all his friends, you should have heard him LISTEN!
I give the fight up: let there be an end, a privacy, an obscure nook for me. I want to be forgotten even by God.
The death penalty is discriminatory and does not do anything about crime.
What makes a child gifted and talented may not always be good grades in school, but a different way of looking at the world and learning.
And even if we never talk again please remember that i am forever changed by who you are and what you meant to me.
Craft must have clothes, but truth loves to go naked.
Sometimes, you end up losing yourself trying to hold onto someone who doesnt care about losing you.
The contemplation of things as they are, without substitution or imposture, without error or confusion, is in itself a nobler thing than a whole harvest of invention.
A people without the knowledge of their past history, origin and culture is like a tree without roots.
Age is just a number. It\'s totally irrelevant unless, of course, you happen to be a bottle of wine.
Time passes memories fade, feeling change, people leave, but hearts never, but heart never forget.
The present is theirs; the future, for which I really worked, is mine.
Happiness adds and multiplies, as we divide it with others.
Smart people are a dime a dozen. What matters is the ability to think different... to think out of the box.
If nobody hates you, you are doing something boring.
Honesty is the best policy. If I lose mine honor, I lose myself.
Wake up each day and be thankful for life. Good Morning.
I actually am always a music first person.
There are two kinds of people, those who do the work and those who take the credit. Try to be in the first group; there is less competition there.
You Remind Me Of A Magnet, Because You Sure Are Attracting Me Over Here!
Believing that our greatest need is for the general public to be able to get better information, to have an opportunity to learn better the real issues of the less fortunate, we centered the activities of the Fairness Project on that.
Rape is the only crime in which the victim becomes the accused.
Yon Cassius has a lean and hungry look; He thinks too much; such men are dangerous. Julius Caesar
One must become as humble as the dust before he can discover truth.
The person who lives by hope will die by despair.
Revenge is an act of passion; vengeance of justice. Injuries are revenged; crimes are avenged.
The doctrine of equality! There exists no more poisonous poison: for it seems to be preached by justice itself, while it is the end of justice.
The soil of their native land is dear to all the hearts of mankind.
Family and moral values are so central to everything that I am.
The word impossible is not in my dictionary.
You are always a student, never a master. You have to keep moving forward.
Backbone beats wishbone every time.
However, I think I managed to reach a new level with Koko, and I will always be grateful for the experience.
Before you act, listen. Before you react, think. Before you spend, earn. Before you critize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit, try.
Revenge is the act of passion, vengeance is an act of justice.
We do most of what we do out of our sexual energy and our sexual needs.
No river can return to its source, yet all rivers must have a beginning.
True love doesn\'t happen right away; it\'s an ever-growing process. It develops after you\'ve gone through many ups and downs, when you\'ve suffered together, cried together, laughed together.
Great minds think alike but dirty minds work together :)
I am Eloise. I am six. I am a city child. I live at The Plaza.
Better be unborn than untaught, for ignorance is the root of misfortune.
If nominated, I will not run; if elected, I will not serve.
We demand that big business give people a square deal; in return we must insist that when anyone engaged in big business honestly endeavors to do right, he shall himself be given a square deal.
Life has taught me to think, but thinking has not taught me to live.
Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured.
Never forget yesterday, But always live for today... Cuz you never know what tomorrow can bring, Or what it can take away...
Racism is taught in our society, it is not automatic. It is learned behavior toward persons with dissimilar physical characteristics.
Leadership is an opportunity to serve. It is not a trumpet call to self-importance.
I regret nothing in my life even if my past was full of hurt, I still look back and smile, because it made me who I am today.
mencintaimu adalah bahagia &amp; sedih;  bahagia karna memilikimu dalam kalbu;  sedih karena kita sering berpisah
Be filled with wonder, be touched by peace
O God, that men should put an enemy in their mouths to steal away their brains! That we should with joy, pleasance, revel, and applause transform ourselves into beasts!
I do not know with what weapons World War 3 will be fought, but World War 4 will be fought with sticks and stones.
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.
A house divided against itself cannot stand -- I believe this government cannot endure permanently half slave and half free.
Stop making stupid people famous.
The greatest power is not money power, but political power.
Being prepared to die is one of the great secrets of living.
Life is what happens when your cell phone is charging.
Changes are inevitable and not always controllable. What can be controlled is how you manage react to and work through the change process. 
Funny but true ..If you love truly, You will die daily.. But If you flirt truly, You will enjoy daily.
To weep is to make less the depth of grief.
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning.
Sticks and stones are hard on bones aimed with angry art. Words can sting like anything but silence breaks the heart.
Dont be afraid of change. You may lose something good, but youll gain something even better.
Drugs are the enemies of ambition and hope - and when we fight against drugs we are fighting for the future.
A sweeter smile, a brighter day, hope everything turns out great for you today. Good Morning
Life is one long process of getting tired.
If you want to be incrementally better: Be competitive. If you want to be exponentially better: Be cooperative.
The Black skin is not a badge of shame, but rather a glorious symbol of national greatness.
For evil to flourish, it only requires good men to do nothing.
The brave man is not he who feels no fear, For that were stupid and irrational; But he, whose noble soul its fears subdues, And bravely dares the danger nature shrinks from.
I trust no one, not even myself.
Everyone who remembers his own education remembers teachers, not methods and techniques. The teacher is the heart of the educational system.
TEAM -- Together Everyone Achieves More.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
Live life one day at a time. Share it with people who matter most to you, for life is a little jar of memories. So fill it with people worth remembering..
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt.  - Abraham Lincoln
There is no such thing as good luck or bad luck, just Gods blessings and lessons.
When diplomacy ends, War begins.
As empty vessels make the loudest sound, so they that have the least wit are the greatest blabbers.
History repeats itself, first as tragedy, second as farce.
The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings; the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of miseries.
I wish I could sleep as I used to, I wish I could dream as I used to. I am spending sleepless nights and lifeless days without you. Missing You.
Power intoxicates men. When a man is intoxicated by alcohol, he can recover, but when intoxicated by power, he seldom recovers.
I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Death is the golden key that opens the palace of eternity.
We don\'t have to sacrifice a strong economy for a healthy environment.
I swore never to be silent whenever and wherever human beings endure suffering and humiliation. We must always take sides. Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented.
My graduation speech: Fuck You, I fucked you, Id fuck you, Who the fuck are you?
I want to hold your hand, laugh at your jokes, walk by your side, snuggle on the couch, look into your eyes, talk about whatever and kiss your lips every single day.
Riots are the voices of the unheard.
We gain freedom when we have paid the full price.
Wishing you a day as sunny as your smile, as warm as your heart, a day as wonderful as you are. Good Morning
Women are obviously much more discriminated against than men in many ways.
Sometimes, you have to smile to hide your fears and laugh to hide your tears.
Loneliness and the feeling of being unwanted is the most terrible poverty.
I think video games are a great kind of entertainment. They have replaced a lot of games people normally play with their friends and neighbours, like Monopoly.
The Democratic Party has pretty much abandoned all the things that they cherish.
It was a terrible day for baseball, it was a worse day for Congress.
Advice is like snow; the softer it falls, the longer it dwells upon, and the deeper it sinks into the mind.
Pain of mind is worse than pain of body.
When you think about great teams, The Beatles and the Pythons immediately spring to mind. The Pythons were as much a part of their time as The Beatles.
Any fool can make something complicated. It takes a genius to make it simple.
Health is better than wealth.
I Am Not Special , I Am Just Limited Edition :P
Accept your past without regrets, handle your present with confidence and face your future without fear.
You never know how strong you are, until being strong is your only choice.
Money is not the only answer, but it makes a difference.
Never trust a man who speaks well of everybody.
Leisure is a beautiful garment, but it will not do for constant wear.
Just because I smile doesnt mean that Im happy, because it takes one smile to cover a million tears
Trust instinct to the end, even though you can give no reason.
Well lately I have listening to a lot of movie soundtracks.
God gave me the greatest gift I ever had,God gave me a best friend in the form of my dad. Fathers Day wishes for a dad who is one in a million
The Lord is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear? The Lord is the strength of my life; of whom shall I be afraid?
Maturity is not when we start speaking big things. Its when we start understanding small things.
When someone you love becomes a memory, the memory becomes a treasure.
The only vice which cannot be forgiven is hypocrisy. The repentance of a hypocrite is itself hypocrisy.
Teamwork is the secret that make common people achieve uncommon result.
Now, when I started my theater, the modus operandi was having the actors stare right into the audience.
Strange is our situation here upon earth. Each of us comes for a short visit, not knowing why, yet sometimes seeming to divine a purpose. From the standpoint of daily life, however, there is one thing we do know: that man is here for the sake of other men-above all for those upon whose smile and well-being our own happiness depends, and also for the countless unknown souls with whose fate we are connected by a bond of sympathy. Many times a day I realize how much my own outer and inner life is built upon the labors of my fellow men, both living and dead, and how earnestly I must exert myself in order to give in return as much as I have received. My peace of mind is often troubled by the depressing sense that I have borrowed too heavily from the work of other men.
The deepest sin against the human mind is to believe things without evidence.
Action should culminate in wisdom.
Look forward with hope, not backwards with regret.
A wise man hears one word and understands two.
A stranger stabs you in the front, a friend stabs you in the back, a boyfriend stabs you in the heart, but best friends only poke each other with straws.
A good neighbor-a found treasure.
The best makeup is your smile. There is no beauty like the one that comes from inside of you.
Truth stands, even if there be no public support. It is self-sustained.
In the space of a decade, China and India have emerged as dramatic, dynamic competitors.
Essentialists hope that when students leave school, they will possess not only basic skills and an extensive body of knowledge, but also disciplined, practical minds, capable of applying schoolhouse lessons in the real world.
All things are subject to interpretation whichever interpretation prevails at a given time is a function of power and not truth.
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.
Responsibility for learning belongs to the student, regardless of age.
The most painful memory.. when I walked away and you let me go.
Nature is full of infinite causes that have never occurred in experience.
People say: never expect anything in return from anyone but the truth is when we really LOVE someone, we naturally EXPECT a little care from them.
i am what i am.. i will never try to be some one else.
If you gaze long into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you.
Sometimes you have options, but no choice.
A man who dares to waste one hour of life has not discovered the value of life.
Wishing you blessings of health, happiness and success on Thanksgiving and always
Laziness travels so slowly that poverty soon overtakes him.
To endeavor to work upon the vulgar with fine sense is like attempting to hew blocks with a razor.
Actually, if my business was legitimate, I would deduct a substantial percentage for depreciation of my body.
Success is the problem but failure is the formula. You cant solve the problem without knowing the formula.
Beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of introduction.
Time is not measured by the passing of years but by what one does, what one feels, and what one achieves.
It is the mark of an instructed mind to rest satisfied with the degree of precision which the nature of the subject admits and not to seek exactness when only an approximation of the truth is possible.
They say that good things take time, but really great things happen in the blink of an eye.
They ignore you now, but they will need you later.
The past is a bucket of ashes, so live not in your yesterdays, nor just for tomorrow, but in the here and now. Keep moving and forget the post-mortems. And remember, no one can get the jump on the future.
The man who fears no truth has nothing to fear from lies.
Hospice means end-of-life care. The admission ticket is a diagnosis from a doctor that you have six months or less to live.
A young man idle, an old man needy.
Even?the most caring people can get tired of being taken for granted.
It is impossible to rightly govern a nation without God and the Bible.
Its very easy to hurt someone & say sorry but its very difficult to get hurt and say its OK.
Consistency is the hallmark of the unimaginative.
Parents are the bones on which children sharpen their teeth.
I hold this as a rule of life: Too much of anything is bad.
Short prayers reach heaven.
You have to know the past to understand the present.
Baby, Youre So Hot, You Make The Equator Look Like The North Pole.
I have seen war. I have seen war on land and sea. I have seen blood running from the wounded. I have seen the dead in the mud. I have seen cities destroyed. I have seen children starving. I have seen the agony of mothers and wives. I hate war.
Television has certain imperatives that CNN had the luxury of ignoring for a long period of time. CNN could take the position that the news would be the star, because in most of the programming day, they were the only all-news operation on the air.
Without respect love is lost. Without caring love is boring. Without honesty, love is unhappy. Without trust, love is unstable.
Never regard study as a duty, but as the enviable opportunity to learn to know the liberating influence of beauty in the realm of the spirit for your own personal joy and to the profit of the community to which your later work belongs.
Only boring people get bored.
I may be dumb, but I\'m not stupid.
One kind word can change someones entire day
Culture is the process by which a person becomes all that they were created capable of being.
God is one, but he has innumerable forms. He is the creator of all and He himself takes the human form.
While a people preserves its language; it preserves the marks of liberty.
Children - if you think back really what it was like to be a child and what it was like to know other children - children lie all the time.
Never let the pain from your past punish your present and paralyze your future.
Nothing in life is promised except death.
Without memory, there is no culture. Without memory, there would be no civilization, no society, no future.
Every man is to be respected as an absolute end in himself; and it is a crime against the dignity that belongs to him as a human being, to use him as a mere means for some external purpose.
It is enough that the people know there was an election. The people who cast the votes decide nothing. The people who count the votes decide everything.
Words are powerful. Words change lives; words and ideas change the world.
This age thinks better of a gilded fool Than of a threadbare saint in wisdom\'s school.
Parting is such sweet sorrow that I shall say goodnight till it be morrow.
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance; The wise grows it under his feet.
Professionalism is knowing how to do it, when to do it, and doing it.
No profit grows where is no pleasure taken; in brief, sir, study what you most affect.
Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much.
Resolve to be tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant with the weak and wrong. Sometime in your life, you will have been all of these.
Infancy conforms to nobody: all conform to it, so that one babe commonly makes four or five out of the adults who prattle and play to it.
Life is really simple, but men insist on making it complicated.
The pain of regret is far worse than the pain of discipline.
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
Every silence is a sin of zero balance!
Im sorry my fault. I forgot youre an Idiot.
I would rather own a little and see the world than own the world and see a little.
Writing and telling are almost the same, the way I do it.
So early in my life, I had learned that if you want something, you had better make some noise.
It is better to lead from behind and to put others in front, especially when you celebrate victory when nice things occur. You take the front line when there is danger. Then people will appreciate your leadership.
Solitude vivifies; isolation kills.
My heart is perfect because .. YOU ARE INSIDE.
Communication is not only the essence of being human, but also a vital property of life.
An eye for an eye will only make the whole world blind.
Occasionally the tree of Liberty must be watered with the blood of Patriots and Tyrants.
You are the reason why I have sleepless nights. You are the reason why I tend to hold my pillow tight. And you are the reason I cant sleep without saying Good Night.
Trust is the glue of life. It\'s the most essential ingredient in effective communication. It\'s the foundational principle that holds all relationships.
Speech is the mirror of the soul; as a man speaks, so he is.
A nation may be said to consist of its territory, its people and its laws. The territory is the only part which is of certain durability. Laws change, people die, the land remains.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Ending a sentence with a preposition is something up with which I will not put.
Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, because hate in your heart will consume you too.
Time is like money: you can either spend, waste, or invest!
Difference Between PROMISES And MEMORIES PROMISE: We Break Them MEMORIES: They Break Us!
For when the One Great Scorer comes to mark against your name,  He writes -- not that you won or lost -- but how you played the Game.
Sometimes you just need to bow your head, say a prayer and weather the storm.
Faultily faultless, icily regular, splendidly null, dead perfection; no more.
Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light.
The hair is the richest ornament of women.
The hardest part about loving someone, is watching that person love another person.
As there is no worse lie than a truth misunderstood by those who hear it, so reasonable arguments, challenges to magnanimity, and appeals to sympathy or justice, are folly when we are dealing with human crocodiles and boa-constrictors.
Be noble, and the nobleness that lies in other men, sleeping but never dead, will rise in majesty to meet thine own.
I text you first because I miss you. If I dont text you, Im waiting for you to miss me.
Maturity is achieved when a person postpones immediate pleasures for long-term values.
never stop smiling; because once you do, your realize how hard and sad life is...and you may never smile again
Theres no point in waiting around for something that will never happen
If the soul is left in darkness, sins will be committed. The guilty one is not he who commits the sin, but he who causes the darkness.
Before you assume, learn the facts. Before you judge, understand why. Before you hurt someone, feel. Before you speak, think.
I wish it need not have happened in my time, said Frodo.  So do I, said Gandalf, and so do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.
Whatever starts in California unfortunately has an inclination to spread.
Secrecy is the badge of fraud.
When I wrote Green, Green, it was like a really a statement of where I was at philosophically in my life.
The?best way to understand a person is to look at the company they keep.
Waiting for someone you love is never easy. Especially when the one youre waiting for isnt aware that youre waiting
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and Im not sure about the universe.
Genius by birth evil by nature human by chance..
It is truly enough said that a corporation has no conscience; but a corporation of conscientious men is a corporation with a conscience.
When my dad divorced my mom it was kind of like him leaving me also.
Neighbour once over the hedge, neighbour over it again.
When reality hits you in the face, it wont hurt so much if youre wearing a smile
Prejudice not being funded on reason cannot be removed by argument.
Find a place inside where there\'s joy, and the joy will burn out the pain.
That is not dead which can eternal lie,  And with strange aeons even death may die.
Who saves his country violates no law.
The nation will find it very hard to look up to the leaders who are keeping their ears to the ground.
The power is in your hands to be anything you want to become. 
I subscribe to William Faulkner\'s\' view that history is not just about what we were before but who we are now.
Love is the same for a poor man, and a king.
Good Friends Are Hard to Find, Difficult to Leave, Impossible to Forget.
No texts? No phone calls? I understand, so when you see me with someone else. Please Understand.
Little by little, through patience and repeated effort, the mind will become stilled in the Self.
Bad things do happen in the world, like war, natural disasters, disease. But out of those situations always arise stories of ordinary people doing extraordinary things.
Only great minds can afford a simple style.
Racism is a refuge for the ignorant. It seeks to divide and to destroy. It is the enemy of freedom, and deserves to be met head-on and stamped out.
We get a ton of email; everybody does now. It gives us a kind of a pulse that you can feel.We hear people saying, thank you for being fair, for being balanced.
Monuments are the grappling-irons that bind one generation to another.
The only people who never fail are those who never try.
Many?people have ideas on how others should change, few people have idea on how they should change.
A good life is a collection of happy moments.
At the end of the day, the most overwhelming key to a child\'s success is the positive involvement of parents.
I am tired and sick of war. Its glory is all moonshine. It is only those who have neither fired a shot nor heard the shrieks and groans of the wounded who cry aloud for blood, for vengeance, for desolation. War is hell.
Old age is like climbing a mountain. You climb from ledge to ledge. The higher you get, the more tired and breathless you become, but your views become more extensive.
For you to sleep well at night, the aesthetic, the quality, has to be carried all the way through.
There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter.
Better murder an infant in its cradle than nurse an unacted desire.
Sometimes the wheel turns slowly, but it turns.
Love feels no burden, thinks nothing of trouble, attempts what is above its strength, pleads no excuse of impossibility; for it thinks all things lawful for itself, and all things possible.
An eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
May my enemies live a long life to see my success.
When you look at a person, any person, remember that everyone has a story. Everyone has gone through something that has changed them.
People come into your life and people leave it... you just have to trust that life has a road mapped out for you.
You never really know until you put the movie in front of an audience. I am a big advocate of screenings, which are getting harder and harder to do nowadays.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
If you want to launch big ships you have to go where the water is deep.
If I take death into my life, acknowledge it, and face it squarely, I will free myself from the anxiety of death and the pettiness of life - and only then will I be free to become myself.
Watch your thoughts; they become words. Watch your words; they become actions. Watch your actions; they become habits. Watch your habits; they become character. Watch your character; it becomes your destiny.
Black-and-white always looks modern, whatever that word means.
Peace is more important than all justice; and peace was not made for the sake of justice, but justice for the sake of peace.
But love is blind, and lovers cannot see What petty follies they themselves commit
We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid.
Dont promise me the moon or the stars. Just promise youll stay under them with me forever.
Nothing is as dangerous as an ignorant friend; a wise enemy is to be preferred.
Sometimes you have to be selfish to be selfless.
I laugh because I must not cry. That is all. That is all.
Karma is a bitch. And when the bitch barks, people complain about her being noisy...
Everything in life is temporary. So if things are good, enjoy it because it wont last forever. And if things are going bad, dont worry. It cant last forever either.
The power of social media is it forces necessary change.
The value of identity of course is that so often with it comes purpose.
We know accurately only when we know little, with knowledge doubt increases.
It is a useless life that is not consecrated to a great ideal. It is like a stone wasted on the field without becoming a part of any edifice.
I wish I could forget all the bad times in my life like I forget everything I have studied seconds before an exam.
We need to have a strong economy that can create employment opportunities and that can also produce the revenue that we need to defend our country at home and abroad.
To talk without thinking is to shoot without aiming.
Good management is the art of making problems so interesting and their solutions so constructive that everyone wants to get to work and deal with them.
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
Pain pays the income of each precious thing.
Nothing can resist the human will that will stake even its existence on its stated purpose.
When in danger or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout.
You affect the world by what you browse.
The new slavery is consumerism.
The purpose of fighting is to win. There is no possible victory in defense. The sword is more important than the shield and skill is more important than either. The final weapon is the brain. All else is supplemental.
Germany will either be a world power or will not be at all.
He who does not love his own language is worse than an animal and smelly fish.
Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world.
We had a couple of minor coups that made a big difference. We snared away from a competitor a correspondent already on the ground in Afghanistan. That was an enormous help to us, because there we were.
Everyone is a moon and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody.
He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man.
We are each but a quarter note in a grand symphony.
It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt.
Sometimes you keep your feelings to yourself because its hard for someone else to understand them.
A man is like a fraction whose numerator is what he is and whose denominator is what he thinks of himself. The larger the denominator the smaller the fraction.
We were excited when we sold our first 10 records. I always felt that if we could get the music out there, and if people became accustomed to it, then a substantial number of them would enjoy it.
The Internet has brought communities across the globe closer together through instant communication.
We shall find peace. We shall hear angels, we shall see the sky sparkling with diamonds.
Never say no when a client asks for something, even if it is the moon. You can always try, and anyhow there is plenty of time afterwards to explain that it was not possible.
The superior doctor prevents sickness; The mediocre doctor attends to impending sickness; The inferior doctor treats actual sickness;
To know the true reality of yourself, you must be aware not only of your conscious thoughts, but also of your unconscious prejudices, bias and habits.
Europe started out with six countries; three small countries and three large countries.
With or without religion, you would have good people doing good things and evil people doing evil things. But for good people to do evil things, that takes religion.
Nothing is more terrible than to see ignorance in action.
Practice does not make perfect. Only perfect practice makes perfect.
True leadership lies in guiding others to success. In ensuring that everyone is performing at their best, doing the work they are pledged to do and doing it well.
I have ONE heart that is true. It has gone from me to you. Now please take its care because I have NO heart and you have TWO.
Something new has taken place in the past five to eight years. Technologists are providing almost religious visions, and their ideas are resonating in some ways with the same idea of the Rapture.
It was the point where things became much more abstract and less literal than in the bulk of the film, which was hardcore rockets and space and planets - all a fairly straightforward evolution from what I had been doing before.
Trees are poems the earth writes upon the sky, We fell them down and turn them into paper,  That we may record our emptiness.
The American Dream is one of success, home ownership, college education for one\'s children, and have a secure job to provide these and other goals.
You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing.
Law is born from despair of human nature.
You treat me like shit for no reason, yet Im still in love with you. Stop breaking my heart. I just want to love you.
Life is neither good or evil, but only a place for good and evil.
Mistake is a single page of life but relation is a complete book. So dont lose a full book for a single page.
Something is happening to Britain and the British. Or has happened. We are said to be passing through a transition, or a turning point, or a transformation; nobody is quite sure which.
Money is the root of all evil, and yet it is such a useful root that we cannot get on without it any more than we can without potatoes.
Give me four years to teach the children and the seed I have sown will never be uprooted.
Without question, the Red Ryder BB gun is the most important gun in the history of American weaponry.
The fruits of labor are the sweetest of all pleasures.
Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure.
In most films music is brought in at the end, after the picture is more or less locked, to amplify the emotions the filmmaker wants you to feel.
Art is both creation and recreation. Of the two ideas, I think art as recreation or as sheer play of the human spirit is more important.
Some people are like clouds when they go away the day gets brighter..
You weren\'t just a star to me, you were my whole damn sky.
By virtue of being born to humanity, every human being has a right to the development and fulfillment of his potentialities as a human being.
Old soldiers never die; they just fade away.
Envy is the tax which all distinction must pay.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
Lawless are they that make their wills their law.
Let never day nor night unhallowed pass, but still remember what the Lord hath done.
The improvement of understanding is for two ends: first, our own increase of knowledge; secondly, to enable us to deliver that knowledge to others.
Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
I am sick and tired of being sick and tired.
My friends, there are no friends.
Remember, people will judge you by your actions, not your intentions. You may have a heart of gold but so does a hard-boiled egg.
There are those who wrap themselves in flags and blow the tinny trumpet of patriotism as a means of fooling the people.
In general, mankind, since the improvement of cookery, eats twice as much as nature requires.
Every president has to live with the result of what Lyndon Johnson did with Vietnam, when he lost the trust of the American people in the presidency.
What the people want is very simple - they want an America as good as its promise.
Sports teaches you character, it teaches you to play by the rules, it teaches you to know what it feels like to win and lose-it teaches you about life.
A good deed is never lost. He who sows courtesy, reaps friendship; he who plants kindness, gathers love; pleasure bestowed on a grateful mind was never sterile, but generally gratitude begets reward.
A little learning is a dangerous thing;Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring.There shallow draughts intoxicate the brain,And drinking largely sobers us again.
To give real service you must add something which cannot be bought or measured with money, and that is sincerity and integrity.
Success always hugs you in private but failure always slaps you in the public ! thats life.
Life is like a game of cards. The hand that is dealt you represents determinism; the way you play it is free will.
I Loved you from your first breath, Ill Love you till my last.Love u Mom
Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom. It is the argument of tyrants; it is the creed of slaves.
Happiness never lays its finger on its pulse.
I certainly believe that we gain through open trade and liberalisation.
Friends are like money in the bank, longer you keep them, the more they are worth!!!
Life is not rehearsal, each day is a new show , no repeat no rewind, so give your best shot in all your acts, as the show goes on and on...
A mans heart is a wretched wretched thing Mariam. It isnt like a mothers womb. It wont bleed it wont stretch to make room for you. Im the only one who loves you 
Some friends are like pennies. Two-faced & worthless.
If you love someone, you say it, right then, out loud. Otherwise, the moment just passes you by.
It is criminal to teach a man not to defend himself when he is the constant victim of brutal attacks. It is legal and lawful to own a shotgun or a rifle. We believe in obeying the law.
Where God builds a church the devil builds a chapel.
A brother may not be a friend, but a friend will always be a brother.
The rich man in his castle, the poor man at his gate, God made them, high or lowly, and ordered their estate.
Courageous people do not fear forgiving, for the sake of peace.
Your presence in my life brings smiles and loving throughts within my heart!
There was a period which I refer to as the \'Golden Age of Jazz,\' which sort of encompasses the middle Thirties through the Sixties, we had a lot of great innovators, all creating things which will last the world for a long, long time.
A weed is no more than a flower in disguise, Which is seen through at once, if love give a man eyes.
I would love to work with someone like Kevin Spacey as he could pass on what I need to learn.
I\'m in favor of any technology that makes my work available to the reading public at a reasonable price.
The habit of saving is itself an education. It fosters every virtue, teaches self-denial, cultivates the sense of order, trains to forethought, and so broadens the mind.
Today I caught myself smiling for no reason, then I realized I was thinking about you.
Sometimes you need to run away just to see who will come after you.
What is a city, but the people; true the people are the city.
Body language is a very powerful tool. We had body language before we had speech, and apparently, 80% of what you understand in a conversation is read through the body, not the words.
The majority is always wrong; the minority is rarely right.
Loyalty and devotion lead to bravery. Bravery leads to the spirit of self-sacrifice. The spirit of self-sacrifice creates trust in the power of love.
Twas brillig, and the slithy toves    Did gyre and gimble in the wabe:  All mimsy were the borogoves,    And the mome raths outgrabe.
Virtue is its own reward.
Every child in America deserves high-quality health care.
Government has no other end, but the preservation of property.
Its funny how you can do nice things for people all the time and they never notice. But once you make one mistake, its never forgotten.
I dont trust anyone. Even the Devil was once an Angel.
The sole meaning of life is to serve humanity.
Language is the road map of a culture. It tells you where its people come from and where they are going.
Theres nothing I will miss more than the short time I spent with you.
To read too many books is harmful.
We can live without our friends, but not without our neighbors.
Life is the most difficult exam. Many people fail bcoz they try to copy others, not realising that everyone has a different question paper.
One dull pencil is worth two sharp minds.
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
An hour spent in the library is worth a month in the laboratory.
What comes from the heart, goes to the heart.
Hard work is a two way street. You get back exactly what you put in.
Also, if we take back our schools and concentrate on improving them so our children get a better education, they will be better trained to compete for a job locally.
They are not dead who live in the hearts they leave behind.
True heroism consists in being superior to the ills of life, in whatever shape they may challenge us to combat.
Despite my thirty years of research into the feminine soul, I have not been able to answer… the great question that has never been answered: what does a woman want?
A pat on the back is only a few vertebrae removed from a kick in the pants, but is miles ahead in results.
I think there really is no shortcut to sovereignty.
I was young and foolish then; now I am old and foolisher.
You take care of you and your family first. Then you go to your neighborhood, and then you spread it on out within the community.
By constant self-discipline and self-control you can develop greatness of character.
Literature adds to reality, it does not simply describe it. It enriches the necessary competencies that daily life requires and provides; and in this respect, it irrigates the deserts that our lives have already become.
I had crossed de line of which I had so long been dreaming. I was free; but dere was no one to welcome me to de land of freedom. I was a stranger in a strange land . . .
Laughter is the tonic, the relief, the surcease for pain.
We all do better when we work together. Our differences do matter, but our common humanity matters more.
We have obligations towards the innocent, the dead, towards the living, towards our children and their children.
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.
Reading is a conversation. All books talk. But a good book listens as well.
No one tells every white person in this country how to be. No one tells every Hispanic, or Asian or Jewish person in this country how to be. There is no single definition of whiteness or single definition of blackness.
Working together, ordinary people can perform extraordinary feats. They can push things that come into their hands a little higher up, a little further on towards the heights of excellence.
Health care is not a privilege. It\'s a right. It\'s a right as fundamental as civil rights. It\'s a right as fundamental as giving every child a chance to get a public education.
Successful investing is anticipating the anticipations of others.
The ultimate aim of the ego is not to see something, but to be something.
If the only tool you have is a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
The President has been a big proponent of the public option since the campaign.
A bird in hand is safer than one overhead.
There is no exercise better for the heart than reaching down and lifting people up.
Masculinity is not something given to you, but something you gain. And you gain it by winning small battles with honor.
Children are one of the greatest lessons in happiness, constantly challenging us to enjoy the moment, as the next one will not be the same.
Loyalty means nothing unless it has at its heart the absolute principle of self-sacrifice.
It is the quality of our work which will please God and not the quantity.
Accept the craziness. Life will be a bore without it.
I think Alone in the Dark was too much an action creature movie than a horror creature movie.
Catch on fire with enthusiasm and people will come for miles to watch you burn.
We must take care that globalization does not become something people become afraid of.
Human rights is a universal standard. It is a component of every religion and every civilization.
God is really creative, I mean ...just look at me !
Strength lies not in defence but in attack.
It is human nature to think wisely and act foolishly.
Efficiency is doing better what is already being done.
Education is not preparation for life education is life itself.
Power is domination, control, and therefore a very selective form of truth which is a lie.
Even though you know a thousand things, ask the man who knows one.
I secretly think reality exists so we can speculate about it.
In law a man is guilty when he violates the rights of others. In ethics he is guilty if he only thinks of doing so.
We want what we dont have.
When God Made You, He Was Showing Off.
Dear music, i will never be able to thank you enough for always being there for me.
The heart that cares too much for others is always misunderstood....The person who acts like caring is always understood.
Love begins in a moment, grows over time, and lasts for eternity.
The world is changing very fast. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow.
Forewarned, forearmed; to be prepared is half the victory.
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
If you are player then Im the GAME.
If I advance, follow me! If I retreat, kill me! If I die, avenge me!
I get to play a great character while working with great actors and great directors on a great show.
A strong economy begins with a strong, well-educated workforce.
Education is not only a ladder of opportunity, but it is also an investment in our future.
In every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten, then he who continues the attack wins.
If being hot is a crime . ARREST ME.
Strategy is a style of thinking, a conscious and deliberate process, an intensive implementation system, the science of insuring future success.
Education is a weapon whose effects depend on who holds it in his hands and at whom it is aimed.
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one\'s definition of your life; define yourself.
If there is a ground zero in the cultural wars, it is Missouri, a state where pro-life groups are strong and well organized and their agenda dominates local politics.
A man is the sum of his actions, of what he has done, of what he can do, Nothing else.
Keep a couple wet wipes case a bum try to touch me, ew.
Would You Grab My Arm So I Can Tell My Friends Ive Been Touched By An Angel?
Everyday you either pass or fail the test of life. Everyday is an opportunity to grow. Everyday is a chance to become a better person.
One who fears failure limits his activities. Failure is only the opportunity more intelligently to begin again.
An old young man, will be a young old man.
All seems infected that the infected spy,As all looks yellow to the jaundiced eye.
The past is a nice place to visit, but certainly not a good place to stay.
Wisdom is the right use of knowledge. To know is not to be wise. Many men know a great deal, and are all the greater fools for it. There is no fool so great a fool as a knowing fool. But to know how to use knowledge is to have wisdom.
Pain and death are a part of life. To reject them is to reject life itself.
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.
Professionalism means consistency of quality.
I start with the premise that the function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
The tragedy of old age is not that one is old, but that one is young.
Your Legs Must Be Tired Because Youve Been Running Through My Mind All Night.
It is only shallow people who do not judge by appearances. The true mystery of the world is the visible, not the invisible.
All great achievements require time.
Behavior is the mirror in which everyone shows their image
Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
Worry is a thin stream of fear trickling through the mind. If encouraged, it cuts a channel into which all other thoughts are drained.
If women didn\'t exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.
Women are made to be loved, not understood.
Everything in life is important, important things are simple, simple things are never easy. Think about it, complete the circle.
Everything is worth what its purchaser will pay for it.
The basic tool for the manipulation of reality is the manipulation of words. If you can control the meaning of words, you can control the people who must use the words.
Hard pounding, gentlemen: but we shall see who can pound the longest.
Civic education and civic responsibility should be taught in elementary school.
We also provide a lot of services with our consulting group that allow people to take maximum advantage of the Net economy. Those all seem to resonate with customers and are providing a good strong base going forward.
Kids born in 2000 never have to worry about forgetting how old they are.
We must stop talking about the American dream and start listening to the dreams of Americans.
He who does not research has nothing to teach.
Be more concerned with your character than your reputation because you character is who you truly are but you reputation is merely what others think of you.
A long dispute means that both parties are wrong.
My sister is the sweetest little thing alive! Words can hardly describe my love for her, she is my best friend.
All change is hard at first, messy in the middle and gorgeous at the end.
Cinema is the most beautiful fraud in the world.
In working class districts, you had several families living together in the one house, and it was very difficult to get a house, because the politicians who controlled housing were doing so in a very discriminatory fashion.
Ignorance, when voluntary, is criminal, and a man may be properly charged with that evil which he neglected or refused to learn how to prevent.
You can get more with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone.
The Iraqi people are suffering just as if they were still under Saddam.
Planning is bringing the future into the present so that you can do something about it now.
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
As the U.S., the world is questioning why not end it, and so if, in fact, we were to pull out, the world would definitely question why we did this to begin with. But I still believe the world would call upon us for help if they needed it.
All I got you for your birthday was this post. Hope you enjoy it! Try not to read it all at once. Happy Birthday
Why should we live with such hurry and waste of life? We are determined to be starved before we are hungry. Men say that a stitch in time saves nine, and so they take a thousand stitches today to save nine tomorrow.
One man with a gun can control 100 without one.
If you do not ask the right questions, you do not get the right answers. A question asked in the right way often points to its own answer. Asking questions is the A-B-C of diagnosis. Only the inquiring mind solves problems.
Those who plot the destruction of others often perish in the attempt.
Music is love, love is music, music is life, and I love my life. Thank you and good night.
If you work just for money, you\'ll never make it, but if you love what you\'re doing and you always put the customer first, success will be yours.
Build a little fence of trust around today;  Fill the space with loving deeds,  And therein stay.  Look not through the sheltering bars  Upon tomorrow;  God will help thee bear what comes of joy and sorrow.
Death is the wish of some, the relief of many, and the end of all.
Freedom makes a huge requirement of every human being. With freedom comes responsibility. For the person who is unwilling to grow up, the person who does not want to carry is own weight, this is a frightening prospect.
Time = Life, Therefore, waste your time and waste of your life, or master your time and master your life.
Give me liberty or give me death.
Unlike any other time in our history, we have to know that staying in school and getting an education is the most important thing you can do.
The whole of science is nothing more than a refinement of everyday thinking.
Men sooner forget the death of their father than the loss of their patrimony.
If we desire respect for the law, we must first make the law respectable.
Fortune smiles on the brave, and frowns upon the coward.
The very concept of objective truth is fading out of the world. Lies will pass into history.
Good character is more to be praised than outstanding talent. Most talents are, to some extent, a gift. Good character, by contrast, is not given to us. We have to build it piece by piece-by thought, choice, courage and determination.
Human rights are not a privilege granted by the few, they are a liberty entitled to all, and human rights, by definition, include the rights of all humans, those in the dawn of life, the dusk of life, or the shadows of life.
Every tear has its own reason...Every smile has its own season
All time management begins with planning.
True love never dies. It only gets stronger with time.
Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom.
As every thread of gold is valuable, so is every moment of time.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.
Trust is a small word with a big concept.
Sometimes you got to laugh through the tears, smile through the pain so that you can live through the sorrow
What would our world be like if we ceased to worry about “right” and “wrong,” or “good” and “evil,” and simply acted so as to maximize well-being, our own and that of others? Would we lose anything important?
It is the working man who is the happy man. It is the idle man who is the miserable man.
Pride is an admission of weakness; it secretly fears all competition and dreads all rivals.
No answer is also an answer.
It takes courage...to endure the sharp pains of self discovery rather than choose to take the dull pain of unconsciousness that would last the rest of our lives.
We won\'t have a society if we destroy the environment.
You have powers you never dreamed of. You can do things you never thought you could do. there are no limitations in what you can do except the limitations of your own mind.
Taxes, are the dues that we pay for the privileges of membership in an organized society.
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew.
When I look at you, I cant deny there is a GOD. Bcoz only GOD could have created someone as wonderful and beautiful as you.
All the performances of human art, at which we look with praise or wonder, are instances of the resistless force of perseverance.
Deep inside us, we know what every family therapist knows: the problems between the parents become the problems within the children.
The very first requirement in a hospital is that it should do the sick no harm.
Yes, people pull the trigger – but guns are the instrument of death. Gun control is necessary, and delay means more death and horror.
Im invisible, until someone needs me.
A man is a lion for his own cause.
A memorandum is not written to inform the reader, but to protect the writer.
Thou art all ice. Thy kindness freezes.
There is no morality in war. Morality is the privilege of those judging from the distance. War is only death and destruction.
A thousand words will not leave so deep an impression as one deed.
Maturity is knowing when to be immature.
Time spent laughing is time spent with the Gods.
We owe almost all our knowledge not to those who have agreed, but to those who have differed.
Death is better than slavery.
Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment, full effort is full victory.
I see you with my heart not with my eyes.
Words are finite organs of the infinite mind. They cannot cover the dimensions of what is in truth. They break, chop, and impoverish it.
I play PC and Xbox games at home, and I just got a PSP as a birthday present.
Nothing is permanent in this wicked world, not even our troubles.
I forget what I was taught. I only remember what I have learnt.
When your mood is not good without any reason, you are definitely missing someone.
The civil rights movement in the United States was about the same thing, about equality of treatment for all sections of the people, and that is precisely what our movement was about.
Shall I give you my recipe for happiness? I find everything useful and nothing indispensable. I find everything wonderful and nothing miraculous. I reverence the body. I avoid first causes like the plague.
All mankind... being all equal and independent, no one ought to harm another in his life, health, liberty or possessions.
No one can do nothing, and no one can do everything.
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
To know someone here or there with whom you can feel there is understanding in spite of distances or thoughts expressed -- That can make life a garden.
Lenin said that people vote with their feet. Well, that\'s what\'s happening. They either go, or they don\'t go. It\'s all politics. It\'s all demographics.
I believe that the power to make money is a gift from God.
It has come to my attention, that air pollution is polluting the air!
Nature is just enough; but men and women must comprehend and accept her suggestions.
Nothing is perfect. Life is messy. Relationships are complex. Outcomes are uncertain. People are irrational.
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
Human nature is evil, and goodness is caused by intentional activity.
Being a President is like riding a tiger. A man has to keep on riding or he is swallowed.
It is impossible to love and to be wise.
No woman gets an orgasm from shining the kitchen floor.
The mere abhorrence of vice is not a virtue at all.
People come and go, friends change like the weather but I know my sister is here forever. I love you.
After all, the ultimate goal of all research is not objectivity, but truth.
Ignorance is always afraid of change.
Colors fade, temples crumble, empires fall, but wise words endure.
The Internet is becoming the town square for the global village of tomorrow.
There is always a way to be honest without being brutal.
Never discourage anyone who continually makes progress, no matter how slow.
Any jackass can kick down a barn but it takes a good carpenter to build one.
Confidence comes naturally with success but, success comes only to those, who are confident so, begin ur day with great confidence. HAVE A NICE DAY.
A memory lasts forever. Never does it die. True friends stay together. And never say goodbye.
You can chain me, you can torture me, you can even destroy this body, but you will never imprison my mind.
Cooperation is doing with a smile what you have to do anyhow.
Be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity.
No rest is worth anything except the rest that is earned.
No weapon formed against me shall prosper.
Punishment is not for revenge, but to lessen crime and reform the criminal.
The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it and ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is.
To understand and to be understood makes our happiness on earth.
On the plains of hesitation lie the blackened bones of countless millions who at the dawn of victory lay down to rest, and in resting died.
I need to stop worrying about the future and be thankful for what I have been blessed with so far.
I see a New York where there is no barrier to the God-given potential of every New Yorker. I see a New York where everyone who wants a good job can find one. I see a New York where the people can believe in a grounded government again.
The greatest mistake a man can make is to be afraid of making one.
Success and failure are both part of life. Both are not permanent.
Medicine is not only a science; it is also an art. It does not consist of compounding pills and plasters; it deals with the very processes of life, which must be understood before they may be guided.
Unity to be real must stand the severest strain without breaking.
I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left.
We do not kill an Iraqi.
The best throw of the dice is to throw them away.
Do not keep the alabaster boxes of your love and tenderness sealed up until your friends are dead. Fill their lives with sweetness, speak cheering words while their ears can hear, and while their hearts can be thrilled and made happier by them. George
The four characteristics of humanism are curiosity, a free mind, belief in good taste, and belief in the human race.
I asked God to keep me safe from my enemies and my friends began to diminish. Thats strange.
It goes back to a style of moviemaking I remember seeing as a child, in movies like The Man With The Golden Arm, which I think was shot all on a sound stage.
Beware the tyranny of the minority.
The way to kill a man or a nation is to cut off his dreams, the way the whites are taking care of the Indians: killing their dreams, their magic, their familiar spirits.
Life just gives you time and space; its up to you to fill it.
Thought is action in rehearsal.
Being stupid is its own reward.
Tact is the ability to tell someone to go to hell in such a way that they look forward to the trip.
The death of democracy is not likely to be an assassination from ambush. It will be a slow extinction from apathy, indifference, and undernourishment.
Look into the depths of your own soul and learn first to know yourself, then you will understand why this illness was bound to come upon you and perhaps you will thenceforth avoid falling ill.
Some people will try to spoil your happiness just because they have nothing better to do and because they are unhappy with their own life... Stand your ground!
While there is a lower class, I am in it, while there is a criminal element, I am of it, and while there is a soul in prison, I am not free.
Locks keep out only the honest.
Having few true friends is better than having a large network of pretentious friends. Quality beats quantity all the time.
At childhood we cry loudly to get what we like...When we grow up we cry silently to Forget what we like.Thats life...
I hate all politics. I don\'t like either political party. One should not belong to them - one should be an individual, standing in the middle. Anyone that belongs to a party stops thinking.
The race is not to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, neither yet bread to the wise, nor yet riches to men of understanding, nor yet favor to men of skill; but time and chance happeneth to them all. Ecclesiastes 9:11
If necessity is the mother of invention, discontent is the father of progress.
Love is a medicine for any kind of wound, but there is no medicine for a wound given by love.
An ugly personality destroys a pretty face.
The heart is forever making the head its fool.
It is better to trust the eyes rather than the ears.
The mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions.
If people are trying to bring you down it only means that you are above them.
How do I create something out of nothing? And how do I create my own life? I think it is by questioning, and saying to myself that there are no absolute truths.
Baseball was, is and always will be to me the best game in the world.
Originally the dream was about traveling and developing a job that would permit me to travel. And I decided to go into street performing because it was a traveling job; it would let me go around the world.
There are people who make things happen, there are people who watch things happen, and there are people who wonder what happened. To be successful, you need to be a person who makes things happen.
You have to keep the business side together as well as the creative side. We have constantly surprised people and stayed with bands until they have grown on people.
Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise, terror, sabotage, assassination. This is the war of the future.
Nobody gets a nervous breakdown or a heart attack from selling kerosene to gentle country folk from the back of a tanker in Somerset.
In order to change, we must be sick and tired of being sick and tired.
Life is not a dress rehearsal.
Without knowledge action is useless and knowledge without action is futile.
Crime and punishment grow out of one stem. Punishment is a fruit that, unsuspected, ripens with the flower of the pleasure that concealed it.
To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well.
Science and technology revolutionize our lives, but memory, tradition and myth frame our response.
Money is plentiful for those who understand the simple laws which govern its acquisition.
Adolescence is a new birth, for the higher and more completely human traits are now born.
Women only need 3.5 inches to achieve maximum pleasure, .. its called a credit card.
Aku ingin menjadi istrimu. Aku percaya pada apa yang kulakukan dan tak peduli bila terkesan aku yang melamarmu. Lagi pula apa salahnya meminta pria berbudi menjadi suami?
World War II ended the Great Depression with one of the great public-private industrial collaborations in the history of man.
Falling in love with you was never my intention. but it became my ADDICTION.
Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something.
I claim that rape exists any time sexual intercourse occurs when it has not been initiated by the woman, out of her own genuine affection and desire.
Neither in this world nor elsewhere is there any happiness in store for him who always doubts.
All the things that hurt you, actually teach you.
The only wealth in this world is children, more than all the money, power on earth.
Without civic morality communities perish; without personal morality their survival has no value.
I was blinded by your beauty so Im going to need your name and number for insurance reasons.
Don\'t trust anyone over thirty.
There is a kind of beauty in imperfection.
If we pollute the air, water and soil that keep us alive and well, and destroy the biodiversity that allows natural systems to function, no amount of money will save us.
Older men declare war. But it is the youth that must fight and die.
There is a tide in the affairs of men, which taken at the flood, leads on to fortune; Omitted, all the voyage of their life is bound by shallows and in misery. Julius Caesar
Too much agreement kills the chat.
They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world. Someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
The depth and strength of a human character are defined by its moral reserves. People reveal themselves completely only when they are thrown out of the customary conditions of their life, for only then do they have to fall back on their reserves.
You REAP what You SOW: Life is like a boomerang. Our thoughts, deeds and words return to us sooner or later, with astounding accuracy.
I\' ll never forget my high school friends.
Missing someone & not being able to see them is the worst feeling ever.
Todays Reality: Big house but small family.. More edu, degrees but less common sense.. Advanced medicine but poor health.. Touched moon but neighbours unknown.. High income but less peace of mind.. Lots of human beings but less humanity.
Justice that love gives is a surrender, justice that law gives is a punishment.
Greatness is not measured by what a man or woman accomplishes, but by the opposition he or she has overcome to reach his goals.
There is no truth. There is only perception.
Never pick a fight with people who buy ink by the barrel.
To survive it is often necessary to fight and to fight you have to dirty yourself.
A man who works with his hands is a laborer; a man who works with his hands and his brain is a craftsman; but a man who works with his hands and his brain and his heart is an artist.
You have to act like a responsible professional in the industry regardless of your age.
There are three types of lies -- lies, damn lies, and statistics.
I also feel that I have been very honest with my friends, my family and also with the public about the mistakes that I\'ve made and the challenges that I\'ve gone through.
I pretend to look around but Im actually looking for you.
The only way to get rid of temptation is to yield to it... I can resist everything but temptation.
Nothing begins, and nothing ends, That is not paid with moan; For we are born in others pain And perish in our own.
Water, water, everywhere,And all the boards did shrink.Water, water everywhere,Nor any drop to drink.The very deep did rot: O Christ!That ever this should be!Yea, slimy things did crawl with legsUpon the slimy sea.
If you have nothing to say, say nothing.
Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time.
Two monologues do not make a dialogue.
Man made money, but Money made man Mad :)
Our life is shaped by our mind; we become what we think.
Lying and stealing are next door neighbors.
It has been said time heals all wounds. I do not agree. The wounds remain. In time the mind protecting its sanity covers them with scar tissue and the pain lessens. But it is never gone. 
Good health is not something we can buy. However, it can be an extremely valuable savings account.
Ostentation is the signal flag of hypocrisy.
Discrimination due to age is one of the great tragedies of modern life. The desire to work and be useful is what makes life worth living, and to be told your efforts are not needed because you are the wrong age is a crime.
Internet is so big, so powerful and pointless that for some people it is a complete substitute for life.
The man who builds a factory builds a temple; the man who works there worships there; and to each is due not scorn and blame but reverence and praise.
The higher we are placed, the more humbly we should walk.
To go too far is as bad as to fall short.
The fundamental purpose of government is to protect its citizens.
If you have four years to complete your college education, do it.
If you have a gun, you can rob a bank, but if you have a bank, you can rob everyone.
When you do things from your soul, you feel a river of joy within you.
For Forms of Government let fools contest whatever is best administered is best.
In solitude the mind gains strength and learns to lean upon itself.
Group personification obscures, rather than illuminates, important political questions.
You are the reason why I smile, I love, I breath, I live
When I found out I was in the top 13 I was freaking out and crying it was such a joyous moment for me.
I trusted you but now your words mean nothing to me, because your actions spoke the truth.
My life as a working theorist began three months after this preliminary study and background reading, when Oscar gently nudged me toward working on a particular problem.
Mentoring is a brain to pick, an ear to listen, and a push in the right direction.
Myth is, after all, the neverending story.
Well-being and happiness never appeared to me as an absolute aim. I am even inclined to compare such moral aims to the ambitions of a pig.
Medicine knows no limits, especially not its own.
To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.
I want to die on Mars, just not on impact.
Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before.
You may be out of my sight but never out of my mind. I miss you so much :-*
Everybody wants to be somebody, but nobody wants to grow.
She was a woman with red hair and green eyes— the traits which Satan supposedly relished most in mortal females.
In life, problems continuously come and go. It never stops. So just enjoy, learn, and face it!
A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic.
No object is mysterious. The mystery is your eye.
Life is only a long and bitter suicide, and faith alone can transform this suicide into a sacrifice.
All humans are hypocrites; the biggest hypocrite of all is the one who claims to detest hypocrisy.
Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind; the thief does fear each bush an officer.
Parents are the only God to help and guide you in your life!!!
One regret I have is that I did not learn more about what was happening very early, so that I could have tried to stop people from engaging in illegal activities.
Life is never boring, but some people choose to be bored.
Hurt me with the TRUTH but never comfort me with a LIE.
The technology of the time dictated the way things looked.
Give your teachers the respect they deserve, because they are the ones who can help you get where you need to go.
The?happiest people in life are the givers, not the getters.
Music hath charms to soothe a savage breast, To soften rocks, or bend a knotted oak.N.B.: This quote is commonly misquoted as savage beast.
God has a reason for allowing things to happen. We may never understand his wisdom but we simply have to trust his will.
Millions of American families affected by debilitating diseases have new hope today after the U.S. House passed legislation to support potentially life-saving stem cell research.
Death twitches my ear. Live, he says, I am coming.
They say women talk too much.  If you ever worked in Congress you know that the filibuster was invented yb men.
And dance is wonderful because dance is so immediate.
Hope never abandons you, you abandon it.
Arrogance is the camouflage of insecurity.
Money is like sea-water: The more we drink the thirstier we become; and the same is true of fame.
The heaviest penalty for declining to rule is to be ruled by someone inferior to yourself. 
Education is the result of self-learning, being taught by one or more people. Learning is the key word here. Schools, colleges and universities only divide you into CLASSES according to your level of understanding.
Why do we always ignore those that adore us, adore those that ignore us. Love those that hurt us and hurt those that love us??
Where there is unity there is always victory.
A blind man will not thank you for a looking-glass.
One who knows how to show and to accept kindness will be a friend better than any possession.
Education is not the piling on of learning, information, data, facts, skills, or abilities - that\'s training or instruction - but is rather making visible what is hidden as a seed.
Wisdom is knowledge, rightly applied.
I hated every minute of training, but I said, \'Don\'t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.\'
the man in black travels with your soul in his pocket. 
Intellectual property has the shelf life of a banana.
If you shoot at a king you must kill him.
Information technology and business are becoming inextricably interwoven. I don\'t think anybody can talk meaningfully about one without the talking about the other.
Doctors are men who prescribe medicines of which they know little, to cure diseases of which they know less, in human beings of whom they know nothing.
What will I be doing in twenty years\' time? I\'ll be dead, darling! Are you crazy?
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
The heart has its reasons of which reason knows nothing: we know this in countless ways.
Smiling for no reason is the only REASON to smile!
Debt is the worst poverty.
At the bottom of education, at the bottom of politics, even at the bottom of religion, there must be for our race economic independence.
There is a higher court than courts of justice and that is the court of conscience. It supercedes all other courts.
Business is a combination of war and sport.
Good times become good memories and bad times become good lessons.
...gracious your form and your eyes as honey : desire is poured upon your lovely face Aphrodite has honored you exceedingly...
Phones are better than girlfriends, At least we can switch off.
Meeting Chet was a life changing moment for me.
Simplicity of character is the natural result of profound thought.
Free your heart from any hatred. Free your mind from any worries. Live simply. Give more. Expect less.
Failing to plan is planning to fail.
Whenever you find whole world against you just turn around and lead the world.
Love is simply a bundle of feelings that we express, whether to attract, arouse or communicate our thoughts to someone else.
It might be said of psychoanalysis that if you give it your little finger it will soon have your whole hand.
It\'s not a faith in technology. It\'s faith in people.
The propitious smiles of heaven can never be expected on a nation that disregard the eternal rules of order and right which Heaven itself has ordained.<BR><BR>Inaugural address 1789 
Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes.
The voice has to be very clear at all times in order to convey the emotion.
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.
The trick is growing up without growing old.
Martin Jarvis was to have played the part originally but I think I had longer hair or something, I know not.
Sit loosely in the saddle.
A blind man knows he cannot see, and is glad to be led, though it be by a dog; but he that is blind in his understanding, which is the worst blindness of all, believes he sees as the best, and scorns a guide.
A good head and good heart are always a formidable combination. But when you add to that a literate tongue or pen, then you have something very special.
Every heart sings a song, incomplete, until another heart whispers back. Those who wish to sing always find a song. At the touch of a lover, everyone becomes a poet.
Emmy Lou Harris introduced me to the work of the Vietnam Veterans of America foundation and the Campaign for a Land Mine Free World.
Time waits for no one. There is only one time for happiness and the time is NOW!
I\'m a real Suzy Homemaker.
If We Shared A Garden, Id Put My Tulips And Your Tulips Together. (Tulips = Two Lips)
No science is immune to the infection of politics and the corruption of power.
You can kill a revolutionary but you can never kill the revolution.
I do not want my house to be walled in on all sides and my windows to be stuffed. I want the cultures of all lands to be blown about my house as freely as possible. But I refuse to be blown off my feet by any.
Distance is one thing that keeps us apart but you will always remain in my heart.
Fiction is the truth inside the lie.
Love is pure and true; love knows no gender.
Never be fooled by what you see on the outside, bcoz on the inside its often a different story.
I am become death, the destroyer of worlds.
When I say I Love You,? Im not kidding I really do Love you and all I want is to be with you and no one else.
And life goes on. With or without you, it keeps going. So get over your mistakes because you just might miss something, or someone, important.
You do not need to leave your room. Remain sitting at your table and listen. Do not even listen, simply wait, be quiet still and solitary. The world will freely offer itself to you to be unmasked, it has no choice, it will roll in ecstasy at your feet.
One today is worth two tomorrows; what I am to be, I am now becoming.
Music is one of those things that make us feel a little less alone in the world.
No wind favors him who has no destined port.
It is better to debate a question without settling it than to settle a question without debating it.
Boys will be boys as long as there are no girls in the picture.
Chaos in the midst of chaos isn\'t funny, but chaos in the midst of order is.
Food brings people together on many different levels. It\'s nourishment of the soul and body; it\'s truly love.
There is a time for departure even when theres no certain place to go.
What is marriage but prostitution to one man instead of many?
Unity without verity is no better than conspiracy.
My sons are into German music, but they are into all kinds of music.
Leadership is unlocking people\'s potential to become better.
We criticize, copy, patronize, idolize and insult but we never doubt that the U.S. has a unique position in the history of human hopes.
There is always strength in numbers. The more individuals or organizations that you can rally to your cause, the better.
Anyone who draws attention to himself as an individual, is viewed with suspicion. We acquired this tendency, of course, from America, and we must resist it: levelling, and imitation of what others are already doing.
Life itself is the most wonderful fairytale of all.
You see, nature will do exactly what it must, and if we are a hindrance to its development, to even its destructive powers to reform itself and we are in a way, we will go.
So soon as a fashion is universal, it is out of date.
Every man has a property in his own person. This nobody has a right to, but himself.
Love is a serious mental disease.
You can never be too rich or too thin.
Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot.
We live in a society that blames everybody else for what\'s wrong.
Black as the devil, hot as hell, pure as an angel, sweet as love.
Sometimes the person you want most is the person youre better off without.
Well, I think as long as people are talking about stimulus, I think the Fed will be thinking about cutting rates because monetary policy is the better way to go because you can turn it on and turn it off.
We are taxed twice as much by our idleness, three times as much by our pride and four times as much by our foolishness.
Never underestimate the power of your smile :)
Political language is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable and to give an appearance of solidarity to pure wind.
Look, if America - if being an American means anything, it means not having to lie under oath, not even for the president.
The history of mankind is a history of war.
I must have done something right to deserve you in my life.
The key to happiness is good health and a bad memory
Change is inevitable. Change is constant.
Every little thing counts in a crisis.
Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please.
Dick Clarke, who was head of counter-terrorism in the National Security Council, pushed constantly for the Principals Committee, which is the key national security group of top officials to take up the issue of terrorism.
He who lives by the crystal ball soon learns to eat ground glass.
One test of the correctness of educational procedure is the happiness of the child.
I will wait till the day I can forget YOU or the day you realize you cant forget Me.
Any law which violates the inalienable rights of man is essentially unjust and tyrannical; it is not a law at all.
Whatever you do, make it an offering to me -- the food you eat, the sacrifices you make, the help you give, even your suffering.
Peace begins with a smile.
Fire in the heart sends smoke into the head.
The big lesson I learned from Hurricane Katrina is that we have to be thinking about the unthinkable because sometimes the unthinkable happens.
Business has only two functions - marketing and innovation.
All happy families are alike, but an unhappy family is unhappy after its own fashion.
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.
The very best impromptu speeches are the ones written well in advance.
Reproof on her lips, but a smile in her eyes.
What is beautiful is good, and who is good will soon be beautiful.
Shook hands with the Devil, looked him in the eye, looked like a long lost friend.
For some reason, the concept of writing with swing chords was intimidating.
Year Two is a critical year for any television show.
Sloth, like rust, consumes faster than labor wears, while the used key is always bright.
The best government is that which teaches us to govern ourselves.
Thou hast made us for thyself, O Lord, and our heart is restless until it finds its rest in thee.
When you move amidst the world of sense, free from attachment and aversion alike, there comes the peace in which all sorrows end, and you life in the wisdom of the Self.
The rankest compound of villainous smell that ever offended nostril.
Tears shed for self are tears of weakness, but tears shed for others are a sign of strength.
In order to stabilize world population, we must eliminate 350,000 per day.
Behind every mistake there is always a lesson
The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated.
Change is not made without inconvenience, even from worse to better.
A good system shortens the road to the goal.
Solitary trees, if they grow at all, grow strong.
The power of community to create health is far greater than any physician, clinic or hospital.
We must stop thinking of the individual and start thinking about what is best for society.
Luck is being in the right place at the right time, but location and timing are to some extent under our control.
A good laugh is sunshine in a house.
Those who have one foot in the canoe, and one foot in the boat, are going to fall into the river.
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone
The hottest love has the coldest end.
At the same time, Clinton was doing a lot things right, like the economy.
Sometimes tears means unspoken happiness and smile means silent Pain.
In science there is only physics; all the rest is stamp collecting.
Time dissipates to shining ether the solid angularity of facts.
A man perfects himself by working. Foul jungles are cleared away, fair seed-fields rise instead, and stately cities; and with the man himself first ceases to be a jungle, and foul unwholesome desert thereby. The man is now a man.
Together we can face any challenges as deep as the ocean and as high as the sky.
You can say that Wayne Coyne sounds like Neil Young.
To be ignorant of what occurred before you were born is to remain always a child.
The first time someone shows you who they are, believe them.
In baseball, I was a pitcher, which I hated because there was no action there.
The factory of the future will have only two employees, a man and a dog. The man will be there to feed the dog. The dog will be there to keep the man from touching the equipment.
If you don\'t have integrity, you have nothing. You can\'t buy it. You can have all the money in the world, but if you are not a moral and ethical person, you really have nothing.
He has the most adorable eyes you could ever fall for and the cutest smile that takes your breath away. He has the ability to make you laugh every time he speaks and whenever you look into his eyes its so hard to turn away.
I learned that it is the weak who are cruel, and that gentleness is to be expected only from the strong.
Women are the real architects of society.
A man is born alone and dies alone and he experiences the good and bad consequences of his karma alone and he goes alone to hell or the Supreme abode.
The human spirit needs places where nature has not been rearranged by the hand of man.
Suddenly life has new meaning to me, there\'s beauty up above and things we never take notice of, you wake up suddenly you\'re in love.
Your Worst Enemy Could Be Your Best Friend; Your Best Friend Your Worst Enemy
Quick to borrow is always slow to pay.
Silence is better than unmeaning words.
It is a law of life that problems arise when conditions are there for their solution.
Im too positive to be doubtful, too optimistic to be fearful, and too determined to be defeated.
It\'s not tyranny we desire; it\'s a just, limited, federal government.
Art has the power to transform, to illuminate, to educate, inspire and motivate.
I think it frets the saints in heaven to seeHow many desolate creatures on the earthHave learnt the simple dues of fellowshipAnd social comfort, in a hospital.
We must always remember with gratitude and admiration the first sailors who steered their vessels through storms and mists, and increased our knowledge of the lands of ice in the South.
Dont confuse my personality with my attitude. My personality is who I am, and my attitude depends on who you are.
The movie business is very much like that: people in authority making purely emotional decisions instead of interesting rational ones.
I miss you a little, a little too much, a little too often and a little more each day.
How do you write women so well? I think of a man and I take away reason and accountability.
Those who want to live, let them fight, and those who do not want to fight in this world of eternal struggle do not deserve to live.
There are no morals in politics; there is only expedience. A scoundrel may be of use to us just because he is a scoundrel.
If you look closely at a tree you\'ll notice it\'s knots and dead branches, just like our bodies. What we learn is that beauty and imperfection go together wonderfully.
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.
Make sure your words are sweet in case you need to eat them someday..
Number one, cash is king... number two, communicate... number three, buy or bury the competition.
The man who follows a crowd will never be followed by a crowd.
Machines are beneficial to the degree that they eliminate the need for labor, harmful to the degree that they eliminate the need for skill.
Knowledge and human power are synonymous, since the ignorance of the cause frustrates the effect.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Don\'t fall in love with someone you can live with, fall in love with someone you can\'t live without
Martyrdom is the only way a man can become famous without ability.
If one day you feel like crying, call me. I cant promise to make you laugh, but Ill be cry with you. Happy Promise Day!
Promise only what you can deliver. Then deliver more than you promise.
The woman who is known only through a man is known wrong.
The most simple things can bring the most happiness.
There is no limit to what a man can do so long as he does not care a straw who gets the credit for it.
It is unnatural for a majority to rule, for a majority can seldom be organized and united for specific action, and a minority can.
We must believe in free will, we have no choice.
The true end of tragedy is to purify the passions.
The more you hide your feelings, the more they show. The more you deny your feelings, the more they grow.
A man who both spends and saves money is the happiest man, because he has both enjoyments.
Feminism encourages women to leave their husbands, kill their children, practice witchcraft, destroy capitalism and become lesbians.
Diligence is the mother of good fortune, and idleness, its opposite, never brought a man to the goal of any of his best wishes.
Love is blind -- marriage is the eye-opener.
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
The fire you kindle for your enemy often burns yourself more than him.
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.
Faith is not knowing what the future holds, but knowing who holds the future
But what of black women?... I most sincerely doubt if any other race of women could have brought its fineness up through so devilish a fire.
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen.
People are so busy dreaming the American Dream, fantasizing about what they could be or have a right to be, that they\'re all asleep at the switch. Consequently we are living in the Age of Human Error.
If the people cannot trust their government to do the job for which it exists - to protect them and to promote their common welfare - all else is lost.
Certainly, last year we did an episode about the census and sampling versus a direct statistic. You just said the word census, and people fall asleep.
Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often.
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.
Justice and power must be brought together, so that whatever is just may be powerful, and whatever is powerful may be just.
The death of one man is a tragedy. The death of millions is a statistic.
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.
If someone throws a stone at you, throw a flower at them. But remember to throw the flower pot with it.
CREATIVITY is thinking up new things. INNOVATION is doing new things.
Her eyes are homes of silent prayers.
Imagination does not become great until human beings, given the courage and the strength, use it to create.
Never judge a man by his umbrella. It may not be his.
I am very proud of being the one to have coined the word.
I wish I could be with you wherever you are and wherever you go everyday. Just so I wouldnt have to miss you so.
Self-study, self-exploration, self-empowerment - these are the virtues of a great education.
Better good manners than good looks.
You will never know the power of yourself until someone hurts you badly.
The beautiful spring came; and when Nature resumes her loveliness, the human soul is apt to revive also.
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go.
Wise men learn more from fools than fools from the wise.
Planning without action is futile, action without planning is fatal
If you want to kill someone, kill them with your kindness!
We are the most in-debt, obese, addicted and medicated adult cohort in U.S. history.
Excellence can be attained if you care more than others think is wise, Risk more than others think is safe, Dream more than others think is practical, and Expect more than others think is possible.
Some people never realise the emotional and mental damage they do to others.
Literature always anticipates life. It does not copy it, but moulds it to its purpose. The nineteenth century, as we know it, is largely an invention of Balzac.
Sharing is good, and with digital technology, sharing is easy.
Alcohol is an excellent servant and a terrible master.
Death is the end of life; ah why Should life all labour be? . . . All things have rest, and ripen toward the graveIn silence - ripen, fall, and cease; Give us long rest or death, dark death, or dreamful ease.
For the friendship of two, the patience of one is required.
Fairness is what justice really is.
The correct definition of equality is that we came through the same door to the world.
Indeed, you won the elections, but I won the count.
The youth is the hope of our future.
I just like sitting at home, chilling and watching a movie.
Never lie to someone who trusts you and never trust someone who lies to you.
I can drive you crazy without a drivers license.
If you continuously compete with others, you become bitter but if you continuously compete with yourself, you become better.
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence.
I am an invisible man. I am a man of substance, of flesh and bone, fiber and liquids - and I might even be said to possess a mind. I am invisible, understand, simply because people refuse to see me.
The concept of total wellness recognizes that our every thought, word, and behavior affects our greater health and well-being. And we, in turn, are affected not only emotionally but also physically and spiritually.
Love is the most beautiful lie of all.
You manage things, you lead people. We went overboard on management and forgot about leadership. It might help if we ran the MBAs out of Washington.
The keystone of the Fascist doctrine is its conception of the State, of its essence, its functions, and its aims. For Fascism the State is absolute, individuals and groups relative.
You play the way you practice.
I have never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as a cause for withdrawing from a friend.
Keep your face to the sun and you will never see the shadows.
One who looks for a friend without faults will have none.
Consideration for others is the basic of a good life, a good society.
The less men think, the more they talk.
History is a pack of lies about events that never happened told by people who weren\'t there.
You can only have one first born child. You may love all your children deeply and with passion, but there is something unique about the first born.
Being on the tightrope is living; everything else is waiting.
Think of the press as a great keyboard on which the government can play.
The ship that will not obey the helm will have to obey the rocks.
Location, location, location.
There is no government in Europe where ministers go through that kind of confirmation process, which in fact is modeled on the way the U.S. cabinet members are confirmed.
Your anger is a gift.
The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires
ADMIT IT: Life would be so boring without me.
To taste the sweetness of life, you must have the power to forget the past.
The reality of life is that your perceptions -- right or wrong -- influence everything else you do. When you get a proper perspective of your perceptions, you may be surprised how many other things fall into place.
Tears are not a sign of weakness, but of courage. Hiding your emotions is self destructive and will never allow you to heal.
Wait time and place to take your revenge, for it is never well done in a hurry.
I would rather die a meaningful death than to live a meaningless life.
As for style, there is something about the way musicians dress-they seem to be able to create their own world within their fashion alone.
We cannot and will not ban the creation of violent video games. But, we can prevent the distribution of these disturbing games to children, where their effects can be negative.
An unjust law is itself a species of violence. Arrest for its breach is more so.
Nothing is more memorable than a smell. One scent can be unexpected, momentary and fleeting, yet conjure up a childhood summer beside a lake in the mountains.
When it seems like nobody cares, God cares. When it seems like nobody is there for you, God is ready to listen.
The fact is, Latinos now own their own lives and I believe they can afford to look back without judgment.
I fear all we have done is to awaken a sleeping giant and fill him with a terrible resolve.
Good and evil, reward and punishment, are the only motives to a rational creature: these are the spur and reins whereby all mankind are set on work, and guided.
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame.
If we are not free, no one will respect us.
Behind every mask there is a face and behind that a story. 
If you teach a child true critical thinking skills, you potentially create a problem for the system, because the system is profoundly nonsensical, and the child is likely to challenge or reject the system.
The secret to success is to know something nobody else knows.
The process is intense and the producers, who are intelligent men, are bringing in new people for a fresh look at a complicated project that has been in the making for 10 years.
The rumors of my death have been greatly exaggerated.
The only thing worse than being hated is being ignored. At least when they hate you they treat you like you exist
We are drowning in information and starving for knowledge.
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.
Man is a tool-using Animal. Nowhere do you find him without tools; without tools he is nothing, with tools he is all.
It is better to conquer yourself than to win a thousand battles. Then the victory is yours. It cannot be taken from you, not by angels or by demons, heaven or hell.
In some of the middle colonies the towns and counties were both active and had a relation with each other which was the forerunner of the present system of local government in the Western States.
Handle them carefully, for words have more power than atom bombs.
Death does not concern us, because as long as we exist, death is not here. And when it does come, we no longer exist.
Love is like the sun coming out from the clouds and warming your soul.
I must create a system or be enslaved by another mans I will not reason and compare: my business is to create.
Sweet recreation barred, what doth ensue but moody and dull melancholy, kinsman to grim and comfortless despair.
All men make mistakes, but only wise men learn from their mistakes.
The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens.
Language is a living thing. We can feel it changing. Parts of it become old: they drop off and are forgotten. New pieces bud out, spread into leaves, and become big branches, proliferating.
But really, it was reading that led me to writing. And in particular, reading the American classics like Twain who taught me at an early age that ordinary lives of ordinary people can be made into high art.
The truth is that men are tired of liberty.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
My musical heroes are people like Pete Seeger and Woody Guthrie who wrote and sang real songs for real people; for everyone, old, young, and in between.
The sooner you fall behind the more time youll have to catch up.
I have always felt it was a handicap for oppressed peoples to depend so largely upon a leader, because unfortunately in our culture, the charismatic leader usually becomes a leader because he has found a spot in the public limelight...
Count your nights by stars, not shadows. Count your days by smiles, not tears. On your birthday, count your age by friends, not years.
The sun is somewhere shining even when it rains.
Hope your birthday blossoms into lots of dreams come true! May today be filled with laughter and love. Happy Birthday and many happy returns of the day.
When you see a good man, think of emulating him; when you see a bad man, examine your own heart.
The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that sex for money usually costs a lot less.
Prosperity makes friends, adversity tries them.
We are shut up in schools and college recitation rooms for ten or fifteen years, and come out at last with a belly-full of words and do not know a thing. The things taught in schools and colleges are not an education, but the means of education.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Moral courage is higher and a rarer virtue than physical courage.
Humankind has not woven the web of life.  We are but one thread within it.  Whatever we do to the web, we do to ourselves.  All things are bound together.  All things connect.
A smile is the lighting system of the face, the cooling system of the head and the heating system of the heart
This man is freed from servile bands, Of hope to rise, or fear to fall; Lord of himself, though not of lands, And leaving nothing, yet hath all.
Sister and Best Friend  Two words that mean the same.
I expect to pass through life but once. If, therefore, there be any kindness I can show, or any good thing I can do to any fellow-being, let me do it now, and not defer or neglect it, as I shall not pass this way again.
Mine is not a traditional music, but it comes from a tradition.
Education begins a gentleman, conversation completes him.
Some people call me Mike, You can call me tonight.
In a few decades, the relationship between the environment, resources and conflict may seem almost as obvious as the connection we see today between human rights, democracy and peace.
Everyday passes by and i am one step closer to the best thing in my life.
He who wishes to secure the good of others has already secured his own.
Kings are not born: they are made by artificial hallucination.
The first tenet is that you should report corruption regardless of loyalty to incumbent or party.
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young.
Service is the rent we pay for the privilege of living on this earth.
I came to the place of my birth and cried, The friends of my youth, where are they? And echo answered, Where are they?
Without wonder and insight, acting is just a trade. With it, it becomes creation.
Music is the vernacular of the human soul.
True independence and freedom can only exist in doing whats right.
Goodwill is the one and only asset that competition cannot undersell or destroy.
It is economic power that determines political power, and governments become the political functionaries of economic power.
People who passionately want to believe that the world is basically simple react to this with a fury that goes beyond what I consider appropriate for discussing a programming language.
I Hate u Because I Love you, I Know You Love Me But your ego stopped You.
The world is a comedy to those who think; a tragedy to those who feel.
Where wealth accumulates, men decay.
Defeat your enemies with your success.
Biology gives you a brain. Life turns it into a mind.
When you\'re five years old, and you\'re running a business that people did not think there was room for, getting attention is not a bad thing. Letting it be known by whatever colorful language is necessary is not a bad thing.
The Christian life is not a constant high. I have my moments of deep discouragement. I have to go to God in prayer with tears in my eyes, and say, \'O God, forgive me,\' or \'Help me.\'
It is humiliating to remain with our hands folded while others write history. It matters little who wins. To make a people great it is necessary to send them to battle even if you have to kick them in the pants. That is what I shall do.
Square has 4 ends triangle has 3 ends line has to ends life has one end but our friendship has no end!!!
Now join your hands, and with your hands your hearts.
Whether you believe you can do a thing or not, you are right.
Cloning will enable mankind to reach eternal life.
Government exists to protect us from each other. Where government has gone beyond its limits is in deciding to protect us from ourselves.
Always Remember to take your Vitamins Take your Vitamin A for ACTION Vitamin B for Belief Vitamin C for Confidence Vitamin D for Discipline Vitamin E for Enthusiasm 
I come from that society and there is a common thread, specifically family values - the idea that you do anything for your family, and the unconditional love for one\'s children.
No one who achieves success does so without acknowledging the help of others. The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude.
Ignorance is an enemy, even to its owner. Knowledge is a friend, even to its hater. Ignorance hates knowledge because it is too pure. Knowledge fears ignorance because it is too sure.
“He promised, he Lied. She believed, she died.”
Charm strikes the sight, but merit wins the soul.
The only thing worse than a boy who hates you: a boy that loves you.
Power without responsibility -- the prerogative of the harlot throughout the ages.
The function of sociology, as of every science, is to reveal that which is hidden.
There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth.
Theres always that one person that makes you laugh a little louder, smile a little brighter, and just live a little better. Never let them go
About age ten, we moved from the place where I was born, moved overseas.
Procrastination is my sin. It brings me naught but sorrow. I know that I should stop it. In fact, I will--tomorrow!
Life may change, but it may fly not; Hope may vanish, but can die not; Truth be veiled, but still it burneth; Love repulsed, -- but it returneth.
If you want total security, go to prison. There you\'re fed, clothed, given medical care and so on. The only thing lacking... is freedom.
If the word has the potency to revive and make us free, it has also the power to blind, imprison, and destroy.
The Berlin Wall wasn\'t the only barrier to fall after the collapse of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War. Traditional barriers to the flow of money, trade, people and ideas also fell.
The sun, with all those planets revolving around it and dependent on it, can still ripen a bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else in the universe to do.
Behind an able man there are always other able men.
People are just as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.
Treat your parents with loving care You will only know their value, when you see their empty chair.
No bees, no honey; no work, no money.
As the Iraqi people better understand that Saddam Hussein and his regime are history, it is my hope that they will get behind the coalition effort to help them create a democratic government and rebuild their country.
If you judge people you have no time to love them.
We forget that we are all dead men conversing with dead men.
The best kind of kinky sex is to have kinky sex with your wife or husband, the person you love.
England has 42 religions and only two sauces.
Every woman needs one man in her life who is strong and responsible. Given this security, she can proceed to do what she really wants to do-fall in love with men who are weak and irresponsible.
Data is not information, information is not knowledge, knowledge is not understanding, understanding is not wisdom.
To be old and wise, you must first have to be young and stupid.
Never call an accountant a credit to his profession; a good accountant is a debit to his profession.
I think the first duty of society is justice.
Sincerity is the luxury allowed, like diadems and authority, only to the highest rank. Every man alone is sincere. At the entrance of a second person, hypocrisy begins.
Luxury is the wolf at the door and its fangs are the vanities and conceits germinated by success. When an artist learns this, he knows where the danger is.
It is not easy to keep silent when silence is a lie.
A hobby a day keeps the doldrums away.
Time makes fools of us all. Our only comfort is that greater shall come after us.
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds, adored by little statesmen and philosophers and divines.
Happy Anniversary to the most amazing man Ive ever known! Thank you for loving me, for me. I love you.
Whoever marries the spirit of this age will find himself a widower in the next.
He who does not know how to look back at where he came from will never get to his destination.
We realize the importance of our voices only when we are silenced.
Where words fail, music speaks.
Every person from your past lives as a shadow in your mind. Good or bad, they all helped you write the story of your life, and shaped the person you are today.
Materialism coarsens and petrifies everything, making everything vulgar, and every truth false.
The real meaning of enlightenment is to gaze with undimmed eyes on all darkness.
I am trying to make clear through my writing something which I believe: that biography- history in general- can be literature in the deepest and highest sense of that term.
God should be welcomed in the heart and not in the act of worship alone.
If you must break the law, do it to seize power: in all other cases observe it.
Learn to admit your mistakes, before someone exaggerates the story.
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make, the better.
Who gets the risks? The risks are given to the consumer, the unsuspecting consumer and the poor work force. And who gets the benefits? The benefits are only for the corporations, for the money makers.
The sad thing about artificial intelligence is that it lacks artifice and therefore intelligence.
Dear Teacher, Thanks for making us what we are today. Happy teachers Day
Fact 1 You cannot touch your lower lip with your tongue Fact 2 After reading this 99 100 idiots would try it.
Are you a dictionary because you add meaning in my life.
I finally realized this, I need you more than I thought.
Honesty is the first chapter of the book wisdom.
Knowledge will bring you the opportunity to make a difference.
Every human has four endowments- self awareness, conscience, independent will and creative imagination. These give us the ultimate human freedom... The power to choose, to respond, to change.
O comfort-killing night, image of hell, dim register and notary of shame, black stage for tragedies and murders fell, vast sin-concealing chaos, nurse of blame!
Empty pockets teaches you a million things in life but full pockets spoils you in a million ways.
Justice delayed, is justice denied.
Never wound a snake; kill it.
To wait for luck is the same as waiting for death.
America\'s health care system is neither healthy, caring, nor a system.
Don’t listen to those who say you can’t do it simply because they have failed at it. We don’t have same capabilities and potential.
Silence makes no mistakes.
Life is too short to make little decisions in a large amount of time.
No democracy can long survive which does not accept as fundamental to its very existence the recognition of the rights of minorities.
Never shall I forget the time I spent with you. Please continue to be my friend, as you will always find me yours.
Maternity is a matter of fact, paternity is a matter of opinion.
Fret not thyself because of evildoers, neither be thou envious against the workers of iniquity. For they shall soon be cut down like the grass, and wither as the green herb.
Sometimes all you can do is not think, not wonder, not imagine, not obsess. Just breathe, and have faith that everything will work out for the best.
Laws are like cobwebs, which may catch small flies, but let wasps and hornets break through.
You can hate me. You can go out there and say anything you want about me, But you will love me later because I told you the truth.
The release of atomic power has changed everything except our way of thinking ... the solution to this problem lies in the heart of mankind. If only I had known, I should have become a watchmaker. (1945)
My children are the reason I laugh, smile and want to get up every morning.
The first thing I do when I read a part is see if I can identify emotionally with a character. If I make that connection, everything else is just working on knowing their life circumstances and manifesting those through practice and research.
I have one speed, I have one gear: go!
Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success.
Anybody can make history. Only a great man can write it.
A nod for a wise man, and a rod for a fool.
I have drunk since I was 15, and few things have given me more pleasure. When you work hard all day with your head and you must work again the next day, what else can change your ideas and make them run on a different plane like whiskey?
Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
Although its difficult today to see beyond the sorrow, may looking back in memory help comfort you tomorrow.
Once you decide to work for yourself, you never go back to work for somebody else.
If you notice, this notice, then you notice, that this notice, wasnt really worth noticing.
Nature gives you the face you have at twenty; it is up to you to merit the face you have at fifty.
Our future growth relies on competitiveness and innovation, skills and productivity... and these in turn rely on the education of our people.
All that is valuable in human society depends upon the opportunity for development accorded the individual.
My mother keeps me abreast of all the hometown things.
We have the best government that money can buy.
History is strewn thick with evidence that a truth is not hard to kill, but a lie, well told, is immortal.
We swallow greedily any lie that flatters us, but we sip only little by little at a truth we find bitter.
Whoever controls the media, controls the mind
Some say Google is God. Others say Google is Satan. But if they think Google is too powerful, remember that with search engines unlike other companies, all it takes is a single click to go to another search engine.
America is the land of the second chance - and when the gates of the prison open, the path ahead should lead to a better life.
Inflation is the one form of taxation that can be imposed without legislation.
Our Founding Fathers crafted a constitutional Republic for the first time in the history of the world because they were shaping a form of government that would not have the failures of a democracy in it, but had the representation of democracy in it.
Leaders aren\'t born they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work. And that\'s the price we\'ll have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal.
A man must eat a peck of salt with his friend before he knows him.
We are formed and molded by our thoughts. Those whose minds are shaped by selfless thoughts give joy when they speak or act. Joy follows them like a shadow that never leaves them.
There is a higher law than the law of government. That\'s the law of conscience.
I am not just another toy you can play with wen all your other toys are broken.
Man alone suffers so excruciatingly in the world that he was compelled to invent laughter.
I dont know why people are more interested in other peoples life than their own.
The greatest destroyer of peace is abortion because if a mother can kill her own child, what is left for me to kill you and you to kill me? There is nothing between.
If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you and you have to battle with only one of them.
I speak my mind. I never mind what I speak.
Life, if well lived, is long enough.
Feelings are not supposed to be logical. Dangerous is the man who has rationalized his emotions.
We rise in glory as we sink in pride.
3 steps to move on. CTRL + ALT + DEL. Control yourself, look for an alternate solution & delete the situation that hurts you.
All skill is in vain when an angel pees in the touchhole of your musket.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow.
Now cracks a noble heart. Good-night, sweet prince;  And flights of angels sing thee to thy rest.
From our ancestors come our names from our virtues our honor.
In the past, people were born royal. Nowadays, royalty comes from what you do.
The American people will never knowingly adopt Socialism, but under the name of liberalism, they will adopt every fragment of the Socialist program until one day America will be a Socialist nation without ever knowing how it happened.
There is no greater fraud than a promise not kept.
In a socialist society, people are always motivated to achieve unity and the truest form of freedom—Organising themselves and coming to help those who are in need. You will find organisations such as social welfare, that take great care and give support to the poor, unemployed, old people, widows, etc.
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
For greed all nature is too little.
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.
Water, water, everywhere  And all the boards did shrink  Water, water everywhere  Nor any drop to drink.
Every man has a right to be wrong in his opinions. But no man has a right to be wrong in his facts.
Religion is just mind control.
The ability to learn faster than your competitors may be the only sustainable competitive advantage.
Attitude is more important than the past, than education, than money, than circumstances, than what people do or say. It is more important than appearance, giftedness, or skill.
Poverty is not socialism. To be rich is glorious.
Truth and honesty are quite different. What a person believes to be true always follows when honesty leads the way. But truth can be asserted when one is being dishonest as well.
If you do not expect the unexpected you will not find it, for it is not to be reached by search or trail.
They may torture my body, break my bones, even kill me-then they will have my dead body, not my obedience.
Television is not vulgar because people are vulgar; it is vulgar because people are similar in their prurient interests and sharply differentiated in their civilized concerns.
Hypocrisy in anything whatever may deceive the cleverest and most penetrating man, but the least wide-awake of children recognizes it, and is revolted by it, however ingeniously it may be disguised.
Lucky at cards, unlucky in love.
Remember to put me in your dreams and make that dream INTENSE. Love you good night.
What is right is not always popular and what is popular is not always right.
Who knows himself a braggart let him fear this for it will come to pass that every braggart shall be found an ass. 
A real woman never lets her man leave the house hungry or horny.
Journalism is organized gossip.
NO smile is more beautiful than the one that struggles through the tears
No woman can call herself free who does not control her own body.
Sending birthday blessings filled with love and peace and joy wishing sweetest things happen right before your eyes
Never say you know a man until you have divided an inheritance with him.
The tongue is a sword or a magic wand, it can cut and kill or love and heal.
With money in your pocket, you are wise and you are handsome and you sing well too.
When the going gets tough, the tough get going.
The best doctors in the world are Doctor Diet, Doctor Quiet, and Doctor Merryman.
For these are all our children. We will all profit by, or pay for, whatever they become,
The real difference between men is energy. A strong will, a settled purpose, an invincible determination, can accomplish almost anything; and in this lies the distinction between great mean and little men.
The man who is prepared has his battle half fought.
The secret of freedom lies in educating people, whereas the secret of tyranny is in keeping them ignorant.
We are immortal until our work on earth is done.
The more time you spend contemplating what you should have done... you lose valuable time planning what you can and will do.
When you have spoken the word, it reigns over you. When it is unspoken you reign over it.
Inclusive, good-quality education is a foundation for dynamic and equitable societies.
If you think your opinion of me has any effect, Honey let me assure you that none of my self worth is wrapped up in what you think of me.
There is no caste in blood.
My crown is in my heart, not on my head, Nor decked with diamonds and Indian stones, Nor to be seen: My crown is called content: A crown it is, that seldom kings enjoy.
Daddy warned me about men and alcohol. But he never warned me about women and cocaine.
I Know Im Not Perfect,But There Is No Defect In My Love
In my early professional years I was asking the question: How can I treat, or cure, or change this person? Now I would phrase the question in this way: How can I provide a relationship which this person may use for his own personal growth?
A Country is not a mere territory; the particular territory is only its foundation. The Country is the idea which rises upon that foundation; it is the sentiment of love, the sense of fellowship which binds together all the sons of that territory.
Always stay true to yourself no matter what, and never let what anybody says distract you from your goals.
Reading old messages from that special someone just because you miss them.
Evil communication corrupts good manners. I hope to live to hear that good communication corrects bad manners.
The most important thing to do if you find yourself in a hole is to stop digging.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
Your life is the fruit of your own doing. You have no one to blame but yourself.
Maybe sometimes people dont change; maybe you just never really knew who they were.
In a healthy nation there is a kind of dramatic balance between the will of the people and the government, which prevents its degeneration into tyranny.
Money may not buy happiness, but it can damn well give it!
A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool.
When valor preys on reason, it eats the sword it fights with.
Up, sluggard, and waste not life; in the grave will be sleeping enough.
Privacy is implied. Privacy is not up for discussion.
That man is a success who has lived well, laughed often and loved much.
People who make fun of others usually cant think of a single good thing to say about themselves.
Depth of friendship does not depend on length of acquaintance.
Be like the bird who, halting in his flight on a limb too slight, yet sings, knowing he has wings.
Respect and trust are two easiest thing in life for someone to lose and the hardest things to get back.
Your goal should be out of reach but not out of sight.
Reading more books will only confuse you more and you will be dreaming about success instead of becoming successful yourself.
Though the sex to which I belong is considered weak you will nevertheless find me a rock that bends to no wind.
The patient\'s autonomy always, always should be respected, even if it is absolutely contrary - the decision is contrary to best medical advice and what the physician wants.
The sea is the universal sewer.
I had the blues because I had no shoes until upon the street, I met a man who had no feet.
Where there is ruin, there is hope for a treasure.
Whenever I miss you, I just HUG my pillow and imagine its YOU.
Work for a cause, not for applause. Live life to express, not to impress.
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing, but a little want of knowledge is also a dangerous thing.
In my friend, I find a second self.
Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous, possessive love that grabs at what it can. But life leaps over oblivion lightly, losing only a thing or two of no importance, and gloom is but the passing shadow of a cloud...
Those who do not move, do not notice their chains.
The first gulp from the glass of natural sciences will turn you into an atheist but at the bottom of the glass God is waiting for you. 
Losing a game is heartbreaking. Losing your sense of excellence or worth is a tragedy.
Speak only if it improves upon the silence.
Forgive others, not because they deserve forgiveness, but because you deserve peace.  if you agree
There is a great deal of human nature in people.
I believe that fashion is the ultimate form if self expression therefore it really depends on my mood.
 A living being seeks, above all, to discharge its strength. Life is will to power. 
Happy Anniversary to my loving hubby. Thank you for the last 11 yrs. and many more yrs. to come. Thank you for making me the happiest woman. I love you always.
Creative thinking inspires ideas. Ideas inspire change.
It might be a huge hit, it might not; but you learn something doing it.
Pop music is aspirin and the blues are vitamins.
Better to be known as a sinner than a hypocrite.
Those whom true love has held, it will go on holding.
Terror is only justice: prompt, severe and inflexible; it is then an emanation of virtue; it is less a distinct principle than a natural consequence of the general principle of democracy, applied to the most pressing wants of the country.
The busy man has few idle visitors; to the boiling pot the flies come not.
I\'m fed up to the ears with old men dreaming up wars for young men to die in.
The nature of man is always the same; it is their habits that separate them.
Knowledge is similar to a mirror. It will show you where the dirt is located, but it will never remove it for you.
When I was fourteen, my father was so ignorant I could hardly stand to have him around. When I got to be twenty-one, I was astonished at how much he had learned in seven years.
Nature has given us two ears, two eyes, and but one tongue-to the end that we should hear and see more than we speak.
Non-violence requires a double faith, faith in God and also faith in man.
Pessimists are usually right and optimists are usually wrong but all the great changes have been accomplished by optimists.
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.
He who controls the past controls the future. He who controls the present controls the past.
All art is but imitation of nature.
Never be in a hurry; do everything quietly and in a calm spirit. Do not lose your inner peace for anything whatsoever, even if your whole world seems upset.
Ideologies separate us. Dreams and anguish bring us together.
Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like a banana.
We must not promise what we ought not, lest we be called on to perform what we cannot.
Sex is like money: only too much is enough.
Architecture is about public space held by buildings.
The relationship of morality and power is a very subtle one. Because ultimately power without morality is no longer power.
My daughter, Anna, is almost 15, and my son, Ben, is almost 10.
It makes my heart sick when I remember all the good words and the broken promises.
I write, I write, I always write.
Recognition is the greatest motivator.
I think it is in collaboration that the nature of art is revealed.
The poet is the priest of the invisible.
The battleline between good and evil runs through the heart of every man.
A society that has more justice is a society that needs less charity.
When health is absent wisdom cannot reveal itself art cannot manifest strength cannot fight wealth becomes useless and intelligence cannot be applied. 
Fiat justitia et pereat mundus.Let justice be done, though the world perish.
It took us two years to get our first real gig. That was a big dream. We ended up booking a lot of our own gigs and putting on a lot of our own shows. We were trying to get our actual music across, trying to make a connection there.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree upon.
Mockery is often the result of a poverty of wit.
Dont chat with me just when youre bored. Bitch please! My name is not Adam Lambert. Im not here for your entertainment.
Four things come not back-the spoken word, the sped arrow, the past life, and the neglected opportunity.
There is no fire like passion no crime like hatred, no sorrow like separation, no sickness like hunger, and no joy like the joy of freedom.
Between men and women there is no friendship possible. There is passion, enmity, worship, love, but no friendship.
If I am anything, which I highly doubt, I have made myself so by hard work.
Happiness is a positive cash flow.
In the Spring, I have counted 136 different kinds of weather inside of 24 hours.
No matter what happens to us, everyday spent with you is the best day of my life.
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
We work very cost effective and I sell my movies in 100 territories on my own.
Always live within your income, even if you have to borrow money to do so.
I\'m a dreamer. I have to dream and reach for the stars, and if I miss a star then I grab a handful of clouds.
The level of our success is limited only by our imagination and no act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted.
We will never stop illegal immigration until this country has a comprehensive, realistic immigration policy.
A man grows most tired while standing still.
An optimist sees an opportunity in every calamity; a pessimist sees a calamity in every opportunity.
The snake will always bite back.
They do not love that do not show their love. The course of true love never did run smooth. Love is a familiar. Love is a devil. There is no evil angel but Love.
The real art of conversation is not only to say the right thing at the right time, but also to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment.
Take what you want, said God, take it-and pay for it.
Never wait. Life goes faster than you think.
No one can change the destiny by self its only gods hand so trust on him :)
A society where emotions come last and selfishness is considered blessed, or placed first before anything; cannot be expected to produce good fruits!
The reason people have No room for wisdom iz because they are so full of judgment.
Content makes poor men rich; discontent makes rich men poor.
Do not judge by appearances; a rich heart may be under a poor coat.
The respect of those you respect is worth more than the applause of the multitude.
Impossible is a word only to be found in the dictionary of fools.
Sexual, racial, gender violence and other forms of discrimination and violence in a culture cannot be eliminated without changing culture.
A half truth is a whole lie.
Love is misunderstood to be an emotion; actually, it is a state of awareness, a way of being in the world, a way of seeing oneself and others.
Soup is a lot like a family. Each ingredient enhances the others; each batch has its own characteristics; and it needs time to simmer to reach full flavor.
After I found April Barrows, I felt I had found a soul mate. Her stuff is exactly what I was looking for.
Errors using inadequate data are much less than those using no data at all.
Time does not change people, their choices do.
His money is twice tainted: taint yours and taint mine.
Men are April when they woo, December when they wed. Maids are May when they are maids, but the sky changes when they are wives.
Real beauty is to be true to oneself. That\'s what makes me feel good.
Constant change is here to stay.
We live in the world when we love it.
If you think of standardization as the best that you know today, but which is to be improved tomorrow; you get somewhere.
Just knowing that through my music I actually inspire people is amazing for me and I find it very heartwarming.
Taxes are paid in the sweat of every man who labors. If those taxes are excessive, they are reflected in idle factories, tax-sold farms and in hordes of hungry people, tramping the streets and seeking jobs in vain.
There is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs.
Most of what you see now emphasizes animals being dangerous to humans.
If a nation expects to be ignorant and free, in a state of civilization, it expects what never was and never will be.
If you leave without a reason dont come back with an excuse.
A man is too apt to forget that in this world he cannot have everything. A choice is all that is left him.
Beauty is truth\'s smile when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror.
A businessman is a hybrid between a dancer and a calculator.
A guest never forgets the host who had treated him kindly.
Already, China has undermined U.S. foreign policy in efforts to gain access to oil resources in Iran and Sudan. We simply cannot separate the political and economic values of oil.
China is not only formidable, it is also aggressively building its own economic infrastructure. Just a few years from now, China will rival the U.S. and the European Union in global market power. It already has surpassed us in population.
Lord Polonius: What do you read, my lord?   Hamlet: Words, words, words.   Lord Polonius: What is the matter, my lord?   Hamlet: Between who?   Lord Polonius: I mean, the matter that you read, my lord.
Good advice is beyond all price.
I am a lover not a fighter, but I will fight for what i love.
Evangelism is just one beggar telling another beggar where to find bread.
To all my little Hulkamaniacs, say your prayers, take your vitamins and you will never go wrong.
People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges..
I am a person who thinks about the music first in trying to achieve something musically valid.
A wise man never knows all, only fools know everything
Everybody deserves second chances, but not for the same mistakes.
The foundation of justice is good faith.
Dont hate me, just get to know me first!
A good leader takes a little more than his share of the blame, a little less than his share of the credit.
I would die for my country, but I could never let my country die for me.
I have a son, Mason, who is disabled - cerebral palsy - and he does not walk independently, sit independently or speak. He uses a talking computer. I started becoming an advocate for him when he was 3 years old.
Go West, young man, and grow up with the country.
Good leadership consists of showing average people how to do the work of superior people.
Good night sleep tight I will be dreaming of you with all my might.
Time is what keeps the light from reaching us. There is no greater obstacle to God than time: and not only time but temporalities, not only temporal things but temporal affections, not only temporal affections but the very taint and smell of time.
We fight, get beat, rise, and fight again.
There is no greater harm than that of time wasted.
To be evenminded   is the greatest virtue.  Wisdom is to speak  the truth and act  in keeping with its nature.
Black Flag was formed in 1977. We first recorded in 1978.
Older men declare war. But it is youth that must fight and die. And it is youth who must inherit the tribulation, the sorrow and the triumphs that are the aftermath of war.
I will study and get ready and someday my chance will come.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Better suffer for the truth than prosper in a falsehood.
Miracles start to happen when you give as much energy to your dreams as you do to your fears.
Never try to define love. Once defined love is confined. Once confined -- It dies.
The most crippling failure disease is.....Excuses
Fear is the only true enemy, born of ignorance and the parent of anger and hate.
Im waiting,hoping and wishing for the time when we can be together again. I miss you so much.
Courteous treatment will make a customer a walking advertisement.
The difference between a smart man and a wise man is that a smart man knows what to say, a wise man knows whether or not to say it.
Take some time to learn first aid and CPR. It saves lives, and it works.
Please know that no matter what happens between us, I will always love you. You will always be my favourite, my number one.
My hobby is gardening, I love it, it\'s my main hobby. I like being at home and I\'m very happy being in my house, I love cooking.
Everybody pulls for David, nobody roots for Goliath.
The most magical moments are those when you forget yourself in the job of someones presence.
Oh Im sorry, I forgot I only exist when you want something from me.
Life is a maths equation. In order to gain the most, you have to know how to convert the negatives into positives.
In order to win you must be prepared to lose something. And leave one or two cards showing.
Love in its essence is spiritual fire.
Life is based on perception. Perception is based on opinion. Opinion is based on thought. Thought comes from the mind. Change your mind, change your life.
Great liars are also great magicians.
Texas, to be respected must be polite. Santa Anna living, can be of incalculable benefit to Texas; Santa Anna dead, would just be another dead Mexican.
Forbid a man to think for himself or to act for himself and you may add the joy of piracy and the zest of smuggling to his life.
A moment, a single moment of true joy is more powerful than a lifetime of sorrow
Catch a man a fish, and you can sell it to him. Teach a man to fish, and you ruin a wonderful business opportunity.
An honest man is always a child.
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don\'t play together, the club won\'t be worth a dime.
The Constitution does not just protect those whose views we share; it also protects those with whose views we disagree.
The subject of my work has a lot to do with general, artistic matters, questions like: What is creativity? Where do we come from? What are our motors? What is coincidence? What is logic?
Concision in style, precision in thought, decision in life.
I asked God for all things , that I might enjoy life. God gave life, that I might enjoy all things.
Morality is the herd-instinct in the individual.
There is nothing more rare, nor more beautiful, than a woman being unapologetically herself; comfortable in her perfect imperfection. To me, that is the true essence of beauty.
Humanity is the virtue of a woman, generosity of a man. The fair sex, who have commonly much more tenderness than ours, have seldom so much generosity.
Serenity is not freedom from the storm, but peace amid the storm.
Revolutions are celebrated when they are no longer dangerous.
What luck for rulers that men do not think.
Supply always comes on the heels of demand.
The line between good and evil is permeable and almost anyone can be induced to cross it when pressured by situational forces.
Once in a while, we meet people by chance. And sometimes, no matter how difficult, we leave them by choice
Men do not shape destiny, Destiny produces the man for the hour.
Democracy is the worst form of government except all others.
I saw courage both in the Vietnam War and in the struggle to stop it. I learned that patriotism includes protest, not just military service.
When you stand at the edge of the cliff, jump to fly, not to fall.
Solitude is dangerous to reason, without being favorable to virtue. Remember that the solitary mortal is certainly luxurious, probably superstitious, and possibly mad.
We have the opportunity to change Denmark - that opportunity must be seized.
A quiet conscience sleeps in thunder.
The biggest fool in the world is he who merely does his work supremely well, without attending to appearance.
I wish I had a delete button in my life to delete some memories and feelings.
Words empty as the wind are best left unsaid.
Buildings should serve people, not the other way around.
Religion without humanity is very poor human stuff.
Quiet minds cannot be perplexed or frightened but go on in fortune or misfortune at their own private pace, like a clock during a thunderstorm.
The true man wants two things: danger and play. For that reason he wants woman, as the most dangerous plaything.
Even though we are far apart you will always be in my little heart.
I mean, one thing I know about change is we are not going to close the achievement gap without educators.
Boys are great, Every girl should have one.
They dream in courtship, but in wedlock wake.
History is not a burden on the memory but an illumination of the soul.
A hero is somebody who is selfless, who is generous in spirit, who just tries to give back as much as possible and help people. A hero to me is someone who saves people and who really deeply cares.
I believe that if you show people the problems and you show them the solutions they will be moved to act.
Racism, in the first place, is a weapon used by the wealthy to increase the profits they bring in by paying Black workers less for their work.
And what would humans be without love?  RARE, said Death.
Once made equal to man, woman becomes his superior.
To have once been a criminal is no disgrace. To remain a criminal is the disgrace 
As smoking is to the lungs, so is resentment to the soul; even one puff is bad for you.
Nothing is more intolerable than to have to admit to yourself your own errors.
Speak when you are spoken to.
Women are the largest untapped reservoir of talent in the world.
Grace is but glory begun, and glory is but grace perfected.
A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is brave five minutes longer.
The conscious mind determines the actions, the unconscious mind determines the reactions; and the reactions are just as important as the actions.
People are beautifully made just like flowers in the garden!
Nothing is more expensive than a missed opportunity.
A really strong woman accepts the war she went through and is ennobled by her scars.
There was that law of life, so cruel and so just, that one must grow or else pay more for remaining the same.
I would rather be a beggar and single than a queen and married.
The leader of genius must have the ability to make different opponents appear as if they belonged to one category.
In our factory, we make lipstick. In our advertising, we sell hope.
The best preparation for good work tomorrow is to do good work today.
Tragedy is when I cut my finger. Comedy is when you fall into an open sewer and die.
Without a family, man, alone in the world, trembles with the cold.
Life is like a book. Some chapters sad, some happy, and some exciting. But if you never turn the page, you will never know what the next chapter holds.
If a man neglects education, he walks lame to the end of his life.
You drive for show but putt for dough.
Love is like a puzzle. When youre in love, all the pieces fit but when your heart gets broken, it takes a while to get everything back together.
It is the absolute right of the State to supervise the formation of public opinion.
Men can starve from a lack of self-realization as much as they can from a lack of bread.
At the gambling table, there are no fathers and sons.
Perception is merely reality filtered through the prism of your soul.
The greatest pleasure is to vanquish your enemies and chase them before you, to rob them of their wealth and see those dear to them bathed in tears, to ride their horses and clasp to your bosom their wives and daughters.
You can always tell who the pioneers are because they have arrows in their back and are lying face down in the dirt.
The present was an egg laid by the past that had the future inside its shell.
Memory is the only paradise from which we cannot be driven.
England is the paradise of individuality, eccentricity, heresy, anomalies, hobbies and humors.
An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while a pessimist sees only the red stoplight... the truly wise person is colorblind.
Study while others are sleeping; work while others are loafing; prepare while others are playing; and dream while others are wishing.
Silence is an answer to a wise man.
Some things can never be forgotten and nor forgiven.
Hiding your feelings is not the easy way out but sometimes its the only thing you can do.
Truth never hurts the teller.
Without education, you are not going anywhere in this world.
Man will never be free until the last king is strangled with the entrails of the last priest.
Some people can stay longer in an hour than others can in a week.
It is humility that makes men as angels. It was pride that changed angels into devils.
Excuse me, do you mind if I stare at you for a minute? I want to remember your face for my dreams.
Its annoying when people throw things from your past in your face.
Never say, Fountain, I will not drink of thy water.
A revolution is not a dinner party, or writing an essay, or painting a picture, or doing embroidery.
In solitude, be a multitude to thyself. Tibullus by all means use sometimes to be alone.
There is two kinds of music, the good, and the bad. I play the good kind.
A man who is a master of patience is master of everything else.
To do no evil is good, to intend none better.
To get through the hardest journey we need take only one step at a time, but we must keep on stepping.
Life is all about having a good time.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
You stuff somebody into the American dream, and it becomes a prison.
The auditor is a watchdog and not a bloodhound.
Your time has come to shine, all your dreams are on their way.
Dear Bad Luck .. Lets break up.
Human nature is potentially aggressive and destructive and potentially orderly and constructive.
If it comes to be believed that we are simply a propaganda organ of some kind, as a lot of people believe about some of our competitors, that would be a problem.
Freedom is the last, best hope of earth.
I would love mainland Chinese to read my book. There is a Chinese translation which I worked on myself, published in Hong Kong and Taiwan. Many copies have gone into China but it is still banned.
My friends have made the story of my life. In a thousand ways they have turned my limitations into beautiful privileges, and enabled me to walk serene and happy in the shadow cast by my deprivation.
A man should be upright, not be kept upright.
Free at last, Free at last, Thank God almighty we are free at last.
If you are going to speak bad things about me on my back, come to me. Ill tell you more.
Where the telescope ends, the microscope begins. Which of the two has the grander view?
We can prevent Europe from becoming a spiritless machine that, in the end, grinds to a halt.
Words build bridges into unexplored regions.
Once she stopped rushing through life, she was amazed how much more life she had time for.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
Human kindness has never weakened the stamina or softened the fiber of a free people. A nation does not have to be cruel to be tough.
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding.
I am single because God is busy writing the best love story for me
An unexamined faith is not worth having, for fundamentalism and uncritical certitude entail the rejection of one of the great human gifts: that of free will, of the liberty to make up our own minds based on evidence and tradition and reason.
Every child is a thought in the mind of God, and our task is to recognize this thought and help it toward completion.
Happiness is the only good. The time to be happy is now. The place to be happy is here. The way to be happy is to make others so.
Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem.
Success isn\'t measured by money or power or social rank. Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace.
Friendship needs no words - it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness.
This is the monstrosity in love, lady, that the will is infinite and the execution confined; that the desire is boundless, and the act a slave to limit.
The tartness of his face sours ripe grapes.
We will not waver; we will not tire; we will not falter, and we will not fail. Peace and Freedom will prevail.
Sex is like snow; you never know how many inches you are going to get or how long it is going to last.
Nobody on their deathbed ever said, I wish I had spent more time at the office
I died a mineral, and became a plant. I died a plant and rose an animal. I died an animal and I was man. Why should I fear? When was I less by dying?
Little things affect little minds.
Destroy everything you love before everything you love destroys you.
To laugh often and much: To win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children, to earn the appreciation of honest critics and endure the betrayal of false friends; to appreciate beauty, to find the best in others, to leave the world a bit better whether by a healthy child, a garden patch, or a redeemed social condition; to know even one life has breathed easier because you lived. This is to have succeeded.
Just remember, it could be worse.
Beauty is skin deep but attitude is to the bone
To let friendship die away by negligence and silence is certainly not wise. It is voluntarily to throw away one of the greatest comforts of the weary pilgrimage.
I really like to live my life in a low-key fashion.
Do today what should be done. Your tomorrow may never come.
We cannot be separated in interest or divided in purpose. We stand together until the end.
All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
Eventually, you stop caring. Eventually it stops being the most important thing in your life.
The first and greatest victory is to conquer yourself; to be conquered by yourself is of all things most shameful and vile.
Relationships are more important than Ego.
People who speak in metaphors should shampoo my crotch.
The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
The only one who can beat me is me.
No constitution is or can be perfectly symmetrical, what it can and must be is generally accepted as both fair and usable.
Faith... is the art of holding on to things your reason once accepted, despite your changing moods.
Be thou as chaste as ice, as pure as snow, thou shalt not escape calumny.
Sin is sweet in the beginning, but bitter in the end.
Tell the truth and shame the devil.
I am a better investor because I am a businessman, and a better businessman because I am no investor.
The only way to escape the abyss is to look at it, gauge it, sound it out and descend into it.
The absence of political personalities in the government will help rather than hinder a solid base of support for the government in parliament and in the political parties because it will remove one ground for disagreement.
Pain never really goes away; you just elevate and get used to it by growing stronger.
The narrower the mind, the broader the statement.
By medicine life may be prolonged, yet death will seize the doctor too.
I am disappointed with myself.  I am disappointed not so much with the particular things I have done as with the aspects of who I have become.  I have a nagging sense that all is not as it should be.
The black market was a way of getting around government controls. It was a way of enabling the free market to work. It was a way of opening up, enabling people.
Success is 99 percent failure.
Definition of FOOL: Knowing the truth, seeing the truth, but still believing the lies.
Sometimes you realize too late that what youre looking for is exactly what you just let go.
He is every other inch a gentleman.
Cowards die many times before their deaths the valiant never taste of death but once.
A great fire burns within me, but no one stops to warm themselves at it, and passers-by only see a wisp of smoke.
First we kill all the subversives; then, their collaborators; later, those who sympathize with them; afterward, those who remain indifferent; and finally, the undecided.
Domestic policy can only defeat us; foreign policy can kill us.
When the sun rises, do you not see a round disc of fire somewhat like a guinea? O no, no, I see an innumerable company of the heavenly host crying Holy, Holy, Holy is the Lord God Almighty.
There was never a good war, or a bad peace.
If you have always believed that everyone should play by the same rules and be judged by the same standards, that would have gotten you labeled a radical 60 years ago, a liberal 30 years ago and a racist today.
The toughest part of getting to the top of the ladder, is getting through the crowd at the bottom.
If we continue to develop our technology without wisdom or prudence, our servant may prove to be our executioner.
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.
Live your life as though your every act were to become a universal law.
When I want to end a relationship I just say, You know, I love you. I want to marry you. I want to have your children. Sometimes they leave skid marks.
Justice is the sum of all moral duty.
The most dangerous thing is illusion.
Nothing succeeds like success.
Singularity is almost invariably a clue. The more featureless and commonplace a crime is, the more difficult is it to bring it home.
Are you in earnest? Seize this very minute. What you can do, or dream you can do, begin it. Begin it and the work will be completed.
It is better to be boldly decisive and risk being wrong than to agonize at length and be right too late.
There is no moral authority like that of sacrifice.
Canada will be a strong country when Canadians of all provinces feel at home in all parts of the country, and when they feel that all Canada belongs to them.
When I was younger, I wanted to be older. Now that im older, I want to be a kid again.
For economist the real world is often a special case.
What played to what had been a relative weakness for us-this was exploding overseas as well, and we had to scramble to mount some reach and get into places and be competitive on the ground.
Negativity is a thief, it steals happiness
Literature is where I go to explore the highest and lowest places in human society and in the human spirit, where I hope to find not absolute truth but the truth of the tale, of the imagination and of the heart.
Childhood is a promise that is never kept.
Friendship is a mercury drop. If it is dropped. Impossible to recollect. So do not drop your friends!!!!
The memories of a man in his old age are the deeds of a man in his prime.
Nature is a haunted house--but Art--is a house that tries to be haunted.
Well done is better than well said.
Pure love is a willingness to give without a thought of receiving anything in return.
If it is to be, it is up to me.
Life begets life. Energy creates energy.It is by spending oneself that one becomes rich.
I want to hold your hands, look in your eyes and enjoy everything that you want to say to me.
Every woman is a rebel, and usually in wild revolt against herself.
Goodbye, said the fox. And now here is my secret, a very simple secret. It is only with the heart that one can see rightly. What is essential is invisible to the eye.
Worry about your character, not your reputation. Your character is who you are, your reputation is who people think you are.
I like to dedicate myself wholeheartedly to a cause so that I have more impact. My goal is to shed light on the beauty of the ocean and how important it is for our planet.
Its amazing how few pictures can bring back so many memories.
Friendship is the shadow of the evening, which increases with the setting sun of life.
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them become what they are capable of becoming.
I visited a scientist who had a helmet with magnetic fields controlled by computer sequences that could profoundly affect your mood and your perceptions.
Old elephants limp off to the hills to die; old Americans go out to the highway and drive themselves to death with huge cars.
He who knows he has enough is rich.
Every night we go to bed without any assurance of being alive the next morning but still we set the alarm to wake up.. Thats called hope.
Do not do unto others as you expect they should do unto you. Their tastes may not be the same.
Your destiny is my destiny. Your happiness is my happiness.
Never say, oops Always say, Ah, interesting.
Life is too short to hide your feelings. Dont be afraid to say what you feel.
Modernism released us from the constraints of everything that had gone before with a euphoric sense of freedom.
The less we look with our eyes, the more we will see with our hearts.
Work is a grand cure for all the maladies and miseries that ever beset mankind-honest work, which you intend getting done.
I have bought golden opinions from all sorts of people.
You must have a cigarette. A cigarette is the perfect type of a perfect pleasure. It is exquisite, and it leaves one unsatisfied. What more can one want?
The French revolution taught us the rights of man.
Sometimes its not so much a matter of what youre going to do with your life, but a matter of creating a life that can do something with you.
Childhood is a short season.
He reminds me of the man who murdered both his parents, and then when the sentence was about to be pronounced, pleaded for mercy on the grounds that he was orphan.
Gossiping and lying go hand in hand.
Old age is no place for sissies.
Insults are the arguments employed by those who are in the wrong.
Faith is not belief without proof, but trust without reservation.
Not drunk is he who from the floor - Can rise alone and still drink more; But drunk is They, who prostrate lies, Without the power to drink or rise.
Everything that is done in the world is done by hope. No merchant or tradesman would set himself to work if he did not hope to reap benefit thereby.
From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere.
It takes a thief to catch a thief.
Finding good players is easy. Getting them to play as a team is another story.
Not all men are fools, Some stay bachelor.
When I drink alcohol Everyone says Im alcoholic. But When I drink Fanta.. No one says Im fantastic!!!
I feel crappy inside, like something just broke..
Holding onto anger is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die.
The world needs dreamers and the world needs doers. But above all, the world needs dreamers who do.
Everyone in society should be a role model, not only for their own self-respect, but for respect from others.
We are called the nation of inventors. And we are. We could still claim that title and wear its loftiest honors if we had stopped with the first thing we ever invented, which was human liberty.
Terrorism is a psychological warfare. Terrorists try to manipulate us and change our behavior by creating fear, uncertainty, and division in society.
I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward.
The stuff you heard about me is a lie, Im way worse
Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err.
We always have time enough, if we will but use it aright.
Intolerance is evidence of impotence.
No legacy is so rich as honesty.
Leadership is action, not position.
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.
Treat your password like your toothbrush. Don\'t let anybody else use it, and get a new one every six months.
Life is divided into three terms - that which was, which is, and which will be. Let us learn from the past to profit by the present, and from the present to live better in the future.
I sought to hear the voice of God and climbed the topmost steeple, but God declared: Go down again - I dwell among the people.
No struggle can ever succeed without women participating side by side with men.
It is not necessary to hope in order to undertake, nor to succeed in order to persevere.
When the new wave of terrorism came on the modern world, which is the late 1960s, early 1970s, I think we spent about a decade, the United States and our allies, trying to figure out how to deal with it.
Man is not the creature of circumstances, circumstances are the creatures of man. We are free agents, and man is more powerful than matter.
By working hard, you get to play hard guilt-free.
A single moment can spark a lifetime of memories.
The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers.
You cannot believe in God until you believe in yourself.
Always wear a smile, not because life is full a reasons to smile, but because your smile itself could be a reason for others to smile
Science is the knowledge of consequences, and dependence of one fact upon another.
A true friend unbosoms freely, advises justly, assists readily, adventures boldly, takes all patiently, defends courageously, and continues a friend unchangeably.
One day I shall rule the World! Until then, I am going to bed. Good Night :D
Even temporary happiness is much better than permanent misery.
The odds of hitting your target go up dramatically when you aim at it.
Friends and good manners will carry you where money won\'t go.
Country music is three chords and the truth.
Then on to all the terrific american songwriters, from Tin Pan Alley to the Beatles, from Bob Dylan to Paul Simon. Whoever wrote and sang in the song form I have appreciated.
Christmas is a season not only of rejoicing but of reflection.
I could easily not be the person that people know.
The evil that is in the world almost always comes of ignorance, and good intentions may do as much harm as malevolence if they lack understanding.
There are crimes of passion and crimes of logic. The boundary between them is not clearly defined.
If you treat someone like a celebrity then youll only be treated like a fan.
Law, without force, is impotent.
I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills, from whence cometh my help. My help cometh from the Lord, which made heaven and earth.
He who commits injustice is ever made more wretched than he who suffers it.
The punishment suffered by the wise who refuse to take part in the government, is to live under the government of bad men.
The friends thou hast, and their adoption tried, grapple them to thy soul with hoops of steel, but do not dull thy palm with entertainment of each new-hatched unfledged comrade.
The contented man can be happy with what appears to be useless.
If most of us remain ignorant of ourselves, it is because self-knowledge is painful and we prefer the pleasures of illusion.
Sometimes its good to be selfish. You have to claim what you want when you have the chance before someone else takes it away from you.
When love is lost, do not bow your head in sadness; instead keep your head up high and gaze into heaven for that is where your broken heart has been sent to heal.
Never underestimate the power of the written word.
We are more often frightened than hurt; and we suffer more from imagination than from reality.
Girls pee pee when they see me. Navajos creep me in they tee-pees.
I don\'t even call it violence when it\'s in self defense; I call it intelligence.
Being on sea, sail; being on land, settle.
A monarchy conducted with infinite wisdom and infinite benevolence is the most perfect of all possible governments.
You cannot hold your head high with your hand out.
every new day is a blank page of your book waiting to be written
The nation will be shaped for decades by decisions that are made by President Bush and the Senate about the future of the Supreme Court.
Until the lion learns how to write, every story will glorify the hunter.
The fragrance always stays in the hand that gives the rose.
It takes one person to forgive, it takes two people to be reunited.
The more you love your decisions, the less you need others to love them.
Clinton lied. A man might forget where he parks or where he lives, but he never forgets oral sex, no matter how bad it is.
There is a principle which is a bar against all information, which is proof against all arguments and which cannot fail to keep a man in everlasting ignorance - that principle is contempt prior to investigation.
Facts are not science - as the dictionary is not literature.
Fate leads the willing, and drags along the reluctant.
Be like a tree; people throw stones at it but it throws down fruits at them.
It is lamentable, that to be a good patriot one must become the enemy of the rest of mankind.
I am ready to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
In short, you are all equal in everything except in ideas!
Reason is a whore, the greatest enemy that faith has.
The strategic adversary is fascism... the fascism in us all, in our heads and in our everyday behavior, the fascism that causes us to love power, to desire the very thing that dominates and exploits us.
The true beauty of music is that it connects people. It carries a message, and we, the musicians, are the messengers.
It takes a big man to cry, but it takes a bigger man to laugh at that man.
I went to school for about 2 years on a technical course, and I learned a lot. I learned about air mixture ratios and all the stuff; I learned how to draw blood.
To the person in the bell jar, blank and stopped as a dead baby, the world itself is a bad dream.
A miracle is an event which creates faith. That is the purpose and nature of miracles. Frauds deceive. An event which creates faith does not deceive: therefore it is not a fraud, but a miracle.
The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow; there is no humor in Heaven.
Ambition is but the evil shadow of aspiration.
In recognizing the humanity of our fellow beings, we pay ourselves the highest tribute.
When a train goes through a tunnel and it gets dark, you don\'t throw away the ticket and jump off. You sit still and trust the engineer.
No president who performs his duties faithfully and conscientiously can have any leisure.
The most pathetic person in the world is some one who has sight but no vision.
Sometimes - history needs a push.
There are 3 things in life you need: Fortitude, Tenacity and Guts. Fortitude to stand, no matter what, Tenacity to stick with it and Guts to deal with whatever is in front of you.
Confession is always weakness. The grave soul keeps its own secrets, and takes its own punishment in silence.
The principles of true art is not to portray, but to evoke.
Wherever you go and whatever you do. May sunny days and happy times follow you.
Take every chance. Drop every fear.
In union there is strength.
I\'m happy to report that my inner child is still ageless.
Vice knows that she is ugly, so she puts on her mask.
The saddest thing in life is wasted talent and the choices you make will shape your life forever.
Some people go to the movies to be reminded that everything\'s okay. I don\'t make those kinds of movies.
I wanna be loved. I just wanna be loved.
One thing only I know, and that is that I know nothing.
You can chase a butterfly all over the field and never catch it. But if you sit quietly in the grass it will come and sit on your shoulder.
Education then, beyond all other devices of human origin, is the great equalizer of the conditions of men, the balance-wheel of the social machinery.
But if the vision is strong enough, and your goals are steady, and you believe, pretty soon you bring other people with you.
Take time to WORK, it is the price of success.
It is time for parents to teach young people early on that in diversity there is beauty and there is strength.
Men forget but never forgive. Women forgive but never forget.
Productivity is never an accident. It is always the result of a commitment to excellence, intelligent planning, and focused effort.
Variety\'s the very spice of life, That gives it all its flavor.
The miserable have no other medicine but only hope.
A loving memory of your smiling face, a friend like you can never replace, deep in my heart you will always stay, truly remembered ever!!
Expectation is the root of all heartache.
Emotions have no place in business, unless you do business with them.
Poetry is the journal of a sea animal living on land, wanting to fly in the sky.
Six feet of earth make all men equal.
All kids need is a little help, a little hope and somebody who believes in them.
Language shapes the way we think, and determines what we can think about.
Out of sight, out of mind. The absent are always in the wrong.
I believe I encountered death, which was a bit too much for a seven-year-old.
It never got weird enough for me.
The universe is so vast and ageless that the life of one man can only be measured by the size of his sacrifice.
There are three things in the world that deserve no mercy, hypocrisy, fraud, and tyranny.
The conscience of children is formed by the influences that surround them; their notions of good and evil are the result of the moral atmosphere they breathe.
Pain is weakness leaving the body.
Few people know how to take a walk. The qualifications are endurance, plain clothes, old shoes, an eye for nature, good humor, vast curiosity, good speech, good silence and nothing too much.
One had better die fighting against injustice than die like a dog or a rat in a trap.
I think people need to be educated to the fact that marijuana is not a drug. Marijuana is an herb and a flower. God put it here. If He put it here and He wants it to grow, what gives the government the right to say that God is wrong?
The good of the people is the greatest law.
Man is harder than iron, stronger than stone and more fragile than a rose.
I\'m lucky to have a great support system in my friends and some of my family. If you have those people that you trust, go ahead and fall back into them and let them be your hammock and cocoon and let them embrace you.
Tell me what brand of whiskey that Grant drinks. I would like to send a barrel of it to my other generals.
Ethics must begin at the top of an organization. It is a leadership issue and the chief executive must set the example.
Water flows humbly to the lowest level.Nothing is weaker than water,Yet for overcoming what is hard and strong,Nothing surpasses it.
When you write something it has to hit the level that you accept as being good.
No amount of artificial reinforcement can offset the natural inequalities of human individuals.
Time travel used to be thought of as just science fiction, but Einstein\'s general theory of relativity allows for the possibility that we could warp space-time so much that you could go off in a rocket and return before you set out.
Keep fighting. It will be worth it.
I am against religion because it teaches us to be satisfied with not understanding the world.
Religion is the recognition of all our duties as divine commands.
Sloth makes all things difficult, but industry all things easy.
Every villain is a hero in his own mind. 
The charity that is a trifle to us can be precious to others.
tidak kecewa orang yang istikharah  tidak menyesal orang yang bermusyawarah  dan tidak melarat orang yang hidup hemat
There are no great men, only great challenges that ordinary men are forced by circumstances to meet.
The joy you bring to my life is immeasurable.
A minority is powerless while it conforms to the majority; it is not even a minority then; but it is irresistible when it clogs by its whole weight.
Music is always a reflection of what\'s going on in the hearts and minds of the culture.
Its great when two strangers become friends but its sad when two friends become strangers.
Good manners are made up of petty sacrifices.
Joel, I\'m not a concept. I want you to just keep that in your head. Too many guys think I\'m a concept or I complete them or I\'m going to make them alive, but I\'m just a f**ked-up girl who is looking for my own peace of mind. Don\'t assign me yours.
But there is no obvious reason for holding that some normal adults are entitled to make choices for other normal adults, as paternalists of both left and right believe.
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions.
What we wish, we readily believe, and what we ourselves think, we imagine others think also.
Man as an individual is a genius. But men in the mass form the headless monster, a great, brutish idiot that goes where prodded.
These people hate the United States, not for what we do, but for who we are and what we are.
Plan for the future, because that is where you are going to spend the rest of your life.
Governments are not running the show anymore. Scumbag Entrepreneurs are, and they have a harsh and ruthless agenda.
O, call back yesterday, bid time return.
Thinking is heavily endorsed.
I am fond of pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals.
Fascism is capitalism in decay.
Let us not take ourselves too seriously. None of us has a monopoly on wisdom.
Outsourcing and globalization of manufacturing allows companies to reduce costs, benefits consumers with lower cost goods and services, causes economic expansion that reduces unemployment, and increases productivity and job creation.
The way of a superior man is threefold. Virtuous, he is free from anxieties; wise, he is free from perplexities; bold, he is free from fear.
Let a hundred flowers bloom, let a hundred schools of thought contend.
A powerful agent is the right word. Whenever we come upon one of those intensely right words... the resulting effect is physical as well as spiritual, and electrically prompt.
You know that feeling when your head says no but your heart says yes? Its wrong but it feels so right? I wish we could be together.
I love to hear a choir. I love the humanity to see the faces of real people devoting themselves to a piece of music. I like the teamwork. It makes me feel optimistic about the human race when I see them cooperating like that.
Trouble springs from idleness, and grievous toil from needless ease.
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies. A man who never reads lives only one.
The calling of the humanities is to make us truly human in the best sense of the word.
For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth.
Economy is the basis of society. When the economy is stable, society develops. The ideal economy combines the spiritual and the material, and the best commodities to trade in are sincerity and love.
Art is not a handicraft, it is the transmission of feeling the artist has experienced.
The desire for safety stands against every great and noble enterprise.
If i had a gun with two bullets and i was with hitler,bin laden and you insert your ex or your enemys name],i would shoot you twice.
I am not trying to give an image of a fairytale, perfect, everything else, I am just being myself.
There is something behind the throne greater than the King himself.
From the first time we met, I knew we were meant to be together. God put us together and that way it will stay, Happy Anniversary honey. I love you forever.
No real social change has ever been brought about without a revolution... revolution is but thought carried into action.
Equality means nothing unless incorporated into the institutions.
The great strength of the totalitarian state is that it forces those who fear it to imitate it.
No matter how long you know someone, they eventually show their true colors.
The?loneliest people are the kindest. The saddest people smile the brightest. The most hurt people are the wisest and the people who doesnt expect from others are the happiest.
Every man I knew went to bed with Gilda... and woke up with me.
The pine stays green in winter... wisdom in hardship.
I LOST the one person who thought loved me. He broke his promise and now..I just want another second chance.
Attachment is the great fabricator of illusions; reality can be attained only by someone who is detached.
If you cheat on someone who is willing to do anything for you, you actually cheated yourself out of true loyalty.
Even on the most exalted throne in the world we are only sitting on our own bottom.
My attitude depends on the people in front of me.
The only thing more shocking than the truth are the lies people tell to cover it up..
You hate your life, while some people dream of having your life.
All children have to be deceived if they are to grow up without trauma.
God puts people in your life for a reason and removes them from your life for a better reason.
Every new day gives new things and there we create new memories.
I was an artistic dilettante for a while, in photography and collage and the visual arts.
Blood alone moves the wheels of history.
Stone Age. Bronze Age. Iron Age. We define entire epics of humanity by the technology they use.
To whom much is given is much required. Luke 12:49
The expectations of life depend upon diligence; the mechanic that would perfect his work must first sharpen his tools.
I believe in the American Dream because I have lived the American Dream.
Extreme hopes are born from extreme misery.
One of the first conditions of happiness is that the link between Man and Nature shall not be broken.
Live only for today, and you ruin tomorrow.
Sometimes we struggle through a tasteless coffee till the last sip,then we find sugar lying at the bottom .. thats life, sweetened but not stirred well.
The essence of all religions is one. Only their approaches are different.
Yes, good people get hurt all the time and thats why Ive learned that putting your heart and soul into everything isnt always the best thing to do.
Caring about others, running the risk of feeling, and leaving an impact on people, brings happiness.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has opened for us.
One cannot manage too many affairs: Like pumpkins in the water, one pops up while you try to hold down the other.
My big objective this season is to win three gold medals at the Olympics, in the road race, the time trial and the points race.
We are not interested in the possibilities of defeat; they do not exist.
To be good is noble, but to teach others how to be good is nobler and less trouble.
Because some people have sex with people of the same sex, an entire culture has been created, broadly speaking, out of oppression. Which in a rational world would not be an issue.
We become what we behold. We shape our tools and then our tools shape us.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
No matter what accomplishments you make, somebody helps you.
Crimes against children are the most heinous crime. That, for me, would be a reason for capital punishment because children are innocent and need the guidance of an adult society.
A man without ambition is dead. A man with ambition but no love is dead. A man with ambition and love for his blessings here on earth is ever so alive.
The time is out of joint. O cursed spite that ever I was born to set it right!
It is not enough for me to win. My enemies must lose.
The good lawyer is not the man who has an eye to every side and angle of contingency, and qualifies all his qualifications, but who throws himself on your part so heartily, that he can get you out of a scrape.
I love having my birthday at Australia Zoo.
Peace is costly but it is worth the expense.
The sweetest joy, the wildest woe is love. What the world really needs is more love and less paperwork.
Technology... is a queer thing. It brings you great gifts with one hand, and it stabs you in the back with the other.
Just because Im not talking, doesnt mean I am in a bad mood. Sometimes I just like to be quiet.
Friendship is neither a formality nor a mode: it is rather a life.
The greatest pain that comes from love is loving someone you can never have.
History is the sum total of the things that could have been avoided.
Ah, women. They make the highs higher and the lows more frequent.
It takes two hands to clap.
Advertising may be described as the science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it.
I put everything in that last lap, it was very emotional when I crossed the line. It was all I had, I gave it all.
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you
I love the fact that my best friend just so happens to be my only biological sibling, my sister.
Sometimes things go wrong and no matter how hard you try, you just cant make them right again. Thats when you accept the reality of today and plan the strategy for tomorrow.
Some people are living with a double personality like mean inside but nice outside.
Dictionary is the only place that success comes before work. Hard work is the price we must pay for success. I think you can accomplish anything if you\'re willing to pay the price.
Flirting is like a game of Chess. One wrong move .. and you are married :)
The difference between ignorant and educated people is that the latter know more facts. But that has nothing to do with whether they are stupid or intelligent.
To speak kindly does not hurt the tongue.
We can do things the cheap way, the simple way, for the short-term and without regard for the future. Or, we can make the extra effort, do the hard work, absorb the criticism and make decisions that will cause a better future.
The story of the human race is the story of men and women selling themselves short.
I feel thin, sort of stretched, like butter scraped over too much bread.
The health effects of air pollution imperil human lives. This fact is well-documented.
Down to Gehenna or up to the Throne, He travels fastest who travels alone.
A smooth sea never made a skilled mariner.
The aim of education is the knowledge not of facts but of values.
Yakka foob mog. Grug pubbawup zink wattoom gazork. Chumble spuzz. I love loopholes.
I think everything depends on money.
If I delete your number, youre basically deleted from my life.
Experience is a jewel, and it had need be so, for it is often purchased at an infinite rate.
Speed provides the one genuinely modern pleasure.
Sometimes, you have to make a big mistakes to figure out how to make things right, mistakes are painful but theyre the only way to find out the reality.
I am opposed to millionaires, but it would be dangerous to offer me the position.
There are two ways you can get through pain. You can let it destroy you, or you can use it as fuel to drive you: to dream bigger work harder.
Wishing you a birthday filled with sweet moments and wonderful memories to cherish always! Happy Birthday
A journalist is a person who has mistaken their calling.
Women fall in love in the presence of a man, while men fall in love in the absence of a woman.
The women I killed were filth - bastard prostitutes who were littering the streets. I was just cleaning up the place a bit.
The great questions of the day are not decided by speeches and majority votes, but by blood and iron.
Early this morning, 1 January 2021, three minutes after midnight, the last human being to be born on earth was killed in a pub brawl in a suburb of Buenos Aires, aged twenty-five years, two months and twelve days.
Make an empty space in any corner of your mind, and creativity will instantly fill it.
You must gain control over your money or the lack of it will forever control you.
Language is the inventory of human experience.
All I know is it destroyed my family, it destroyed my marriage to Sylvester and I will never get over it.
This is a man who graduated summa cum laude from Harvard University in three years, editor of the Harvard Law Review, argued 39 cases before the Supreme Court.
Man is born to seek power, yet his actual condition makes him a slave to the power of others.
I close my eyes, then I drift away, into the magic night I softly say. A silent prayer, like dreamers do, then I fall asleep to dream my dreams of you.
Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true.
To see the world in a grain of sand, and to see heaven in a wild flower, hold infinity in the palm of your hand, and eternity in an hour.
You are my favorite Hello and my hardest Goodbye, I love you so much, more than words can describe..
No one is going to give you the education you need to overthrow them. Nobody is going to teach you your true history teach you your true heroes if they know that that knowledge will help set you free. 
Never give up. There is no such thing as an ending, just a new beginning.
As long as she thinks of a man nobody objects to a woman thinking. 
I enjoy the character interplay. Sometimes the audience is not laughing, but smiling, and that is almost just as good because it keeps them ready to laugh.
Originality is undetected plagiarism.
I think it is valuable and should be valued by its consumers. Charging for content forces discipline on journalists: they must produce things that people actually value.
A good plan is like a road map: it shows the final destination and usually the best way to get there.
Reality has exiled me; I am no longer bound by its laws.
Yet mad I am not...and very surely do I not dream.
Economy is too late at the bottom of the purse.
Cant talk, telepathy only!
There are no dangerous thoughts; thinking itself is dangerous.
A useless life is only an early death.
But out of limitations comes creativity.
Best friends are the people in your life that make you laugh louder, smile brighter and live better
Husband, you are a cuckold; wife, who told you so?
The Internet offers an interesting combination of advertising and community by participating in the community you can become an advertisement for yourself.
If the opposition disarms, well and good. If it refuses to disarm, we shall disarm it ourselves.
Today a reader, tomorrow a leader.
There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth.
Nothing can stop me from loving my brother.
I have to own something before I can say it, and I have to own it before I can sing it as well, emotionally. I only enjoy acting and singing if I am believing what I am doing.
Happiness lies first of all in health.
You may delay, but time will not.
We look before and after, And pine for what is not; Our sincerest laughter With some pain is fraught; Our sweetest songs are those that tell of saddest thought.
Getting money is like digging with a needle; spending it is like water soaking into sand.
I get nervous every time, for every single performance, before getting up on that stage.
You meet thousands of people and none of them really touch you. Then you meet one person, and your life is changed forever.
Each day is a step we make towards eternity and we shall continue thus to step from day to day until we take the last step, which will bring us into the presence of God.
Always desire to learn something useful.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Willpower is the key to success. Successful people strive no matter what they feel by applying their will to overcome apathy, doubt or fear.
I may not put colors on your face in this colorful festival but Im praying God to add more and more colors in your life. Wish you Happy Holi.
Life is under no obligation to give us what we expect.
The only risk of failure is promotion.
In questions of science, the authority of a thousand is not worth the humble reasoning of a single individual.
Stubbornness is the strength of the weak.
The sleeping fox catches no poultry.
While we may be of different faiths, we have a strong sense of faith, family, community. We hold the values of freedom and human rights very high and I think that those are all a part of a very strong quilt that binds us together.
A State in the grip of neo-colonialism is not master of its own destiny. It is this factor which makes neo-colonialism such a serious threat to world peace.
The real use of gunpowder is to make all men tall.
It is not the beauty of a building you should look at its the construction of the foundation that will stand the test of time.
If youre not doing the things that you love, then your life is not worth living. What are you here for?
He who cannot draw on three thousand years is living from hand to mouth. 
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success.
Universal education is the most corroding and disintegrating poison that liberalism has ever invented for its own destruction.
If you don\'t have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?
All of old. Nothing else ever.  Ever tried.  Ever failed.  No matter.  Try again.  Fail again.  Fail better.
I sow; my successor reaps. This is the majesty of democracy.
The real news is bad news.
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.
Based on a psychological study, a crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months. If it exceeds, you are in love.
Force always attracts men of low morality, and I believe it to be an invariable rule that tyrants of genius are succeeded by scoundrels.
When GOD pushes you to the edge of difficulty trust him fully because two things can happen. Either he will catch you when you fall, or he will teach you how to fly.
I felt for the tormented whirlwinds  Damned for their carnal sins  Committed when they let their passions rule their reason.
He who can give has many a good neighbour.
All change is not growth, as all movement is not forward.
I want to be happy and stable. My life is clearly going to slow down.
Flying is hours and hours of boredom sprinkled with a few seconds of sheer terror.
Smith and Wesson or a Colt always beat four aces.
Gossip is charming! History is merely gossip. But scandal is gossip made tedious by morality.
Be like a duck. Calm on the surface, but always paddling like the dickens underneath.
The principle of the Gothic architecture is infinity made imaginable.
We never fail when we try to do our duty, we always fail when we neglect to do it.
Feedback is the breakfast of champions.
Everything that you read is an influence on everything you write, and you want to draw as many elements into your work as you can.
I think our show is very different from Orange County.
Life is good, usually but at this moment, life is amazing.
Bias and prejudice are attitudes to be kept in hand, not attitudes to be avoided.
Two armies that fight each other is like one large army that commits suicide.
Kings fight for empires, madmen for applause.
So it is naturally with the male and the female; the one is superior, the other inferior; the one governs, the other is governed; and the same rule must necessarily hold good with respect to all mankind.
Perfection of means and confusion of ends seem to characterize our age.
All philosophy lies in two words, sustain and abstain.
Metaphysics is a dark ocean without shores or lighthouse, strewn with many a philosophic wreck.
Poverty may be the mother of crime, but lack of good sense is the father.
The moral virtues, then, are produced in us neither by nature nor against nature. Nature, indeed, prepares in us the ground for their reception, but their complete formation is the product of habit.
Nobody and nothing will stop Russia on the road to strengthening democracy and ensuring human rights and freedoms.
In reality, no one cares, theyre just curious.
Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don\'t lose faith.
The writer is the engineer of the human soul.
There are no rules. That is how art is born, how breakthroughs happen. Go against the rules or ignore the rules. That is what invention is about.
I am learning all the time. The tombstone will be my diploma.
Music is the strongest form of magic.
A man who has never made a woman angry is a failure in life.
Pleasure is the first good. It is the beginning of every choice and every aversion. It is the absence of pain in the body and of troubles in the soul.
Freedom prospers when religion is vibrant and the rule of law under God is acknowledged.
It is beyond dispute that Saddam Hussein is a menace.
Life is a song - sing it. Life is a game - play it. Life is a challenge - meet it. Life is a dream - realize it. Life is a sacrifice - offer it. Life is love - enjoy it.
What is most important for Europe is economic growth and jobs, security at home and safety in the world.
Nature is so powerful, so strong. Capturing its essence is not easy - your work becomes a dance with light and the weather. It takes you to a place within yourself.
Whatever we are waiting for - peace of mind, contentment, grace, the inner awareness of simple abundance - it will surely come to us, but only when we are ready to receive it with an open and grateful heart.
An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
Nobody will ever deprive the American people of the right to vote except the American people themselves and the only way they could do this is by not voting.
Each drop of a tear is costly than anything in world.. But, no one knows its value until they have it in their own eyes for someone.
Education is the progressive realization of our ignorance.
Dont be chasing people who dont appreciate you
Those who are easily shocked should be shocked more often.
Nobody raises his own reputation by lowering others
Be resolute in your goals, but flexible in your tactics.
I am angry nearly every day of my life, but I have learned not to show it; and I still try to hope not to feel it, though it may take me another forty years to do it. [Character of Marmee in Little Women]
I smile ...Because I dont know WHAT THE HELL is going on.
The farmer is the only man in our economy who buys everything at retail, sells everything at wholesale, and pays the freight both ways.
Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real.
History is a gallery of pictures in which there are few originals and many copies.
Without work, all life goes rotten. But when work is soulless, life stifles and dies.
There are people in the world so hungry, that God cannot appear to them except in the form of bread.
The highest education is that which does not merely give us information but makes our life in harmony with all existence.
Miley is not a slut. Taylor is not ugly. Demi is not fat. And justin not gay. Grow up and stop hating.
It takes an endless amount of history to make even a little tradition.
Nothing great is created suddenly, any more than a bunch of grapes or a fig. If you tell me that you desire a fig. I answer you that there must be time. Let it first blossom, then bear fruit, then ripen.
I think music in itself is healing. It\'s an explosive expression of humanity. It\'s something we are all touched by. No matter what culture we\'re from, everyone loves music.
Shelving hard decisions is the least ethical course.
My Eyes Are Hurting Cause I Cant See You, My Arms Are Empty Cause I Cant Hold You, My Lips Are Cold Cause I Cant Kiss You, My Heart Is Broken & I Miss You
Beauty Isn\'t about having a pretty face. It is a about having a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and most importantly, a beautiful soul.
Behold, my son, with what little wisdom the world is ruled.
I see a New York where people who are down on their luck can get back on the road to responsibility, a job and dignity.
Always tell someone how you feel, because opportunities are lost in the blink of an eye but regret can last for a lifetime.
Never do today what you can put off till tomorrow. Delay may give clearer light as to what is best to be done.
I used to jog but the ice cubes kept falling out of my glass.
Life is like riding a bicycle, In order to keep your balance you must keep moving.
The greatest value of having good people around you is not what you get from them but the better person you become bcoz of them.
Whenever I was with Kevin Pollak, I had to leave the room.
Creativity involves breaking out of established patterns in order to look at things in a different way.
Whatever anyone says, I think the opposite will happen.
A decision without the pressure of consequence is hardly a decision at all.
The greatest weakness of all is the great fear of appearing weak.
A man who suffers before it is necessary, suffers more than is necessary.
If a rich man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it.
If I die, I forgive you. If I live we shall see.
A mistake is to commit a misunderstanding.
Life is what happens to you while youre busy making other plans.
Children have very sharp powers of observation - probably sharper than adults - yet at the same time their emotional reactions are murky and much more primitive.
Intuition comes very close to clairvoyance; it appears to be the extrasensory perception of reality.
Power at its best is love implementing the demands of justice. Justice at its best is love correcting everything that stands against love.
Born with winner Qualitys
The end of labor is to gain leisure.
A clean desk is a sign of a sick mind.
I feel that the most important requirement in success is learning to overcome failure. You must learn to tolerate it, but never accept it.
It takes two men to make one brother.
Growing up my mother played Sarah Vaughan and Nat Cole in the house regularly.
Neither fire nor wind, birth nor death can erase our good deeds.
Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
The greatest joy of life is to love and be loved.
Reading gives us someplace to go when we have to stay where we are.
In real terms, there is a greater disparity of earnings between the very rich and the very poor.
Self-preservation is the first law of nature.
The best revenge of all: being happy; nothing drives people crazier than seeing someone living a good life.
In the industrial revolution Britain led the world in advances that enabled mass production: trade exchanges, transportation, factory technology and new skills needed for the new industrialised world.
Money dignifies what is frivolous if unpaid for.
Lo! thy dread empire, Chaos! is restored; dies before thy uncreating word: thy hand, great Anarch! lets the curtain fall; and universal darkness buries all.
A silent hug means a thousand words to the unhappy heart.
Initiative is doing the right thing without being told.
My father was my teacher. But most importantly he was a great dad.
It is our duty to pay for our liberty with our own blood. The freedom that we shall win through our sacrifice and exertions, we shall be able top reserve with our own strength.
Lives of great men all remind us, we can make our lives sublime, and, departing, leave behind us, footprints on the sands of time.
The only cure for vanity is laughter, and the only fault that is laughable is vanity.
You cannot teach a man anything, you can only help him find it within himself.
Your silence gives consent.
I love the name of honor, more than I fear death.
You got to realise that when I was 20 years old, I had a house, a Mercedes, a Corvette and a million dollars in the bank before I could buy alcohol legally.
Nothing can happen more beautiful than death.
We all are blind until we see  That in the human plan  Nothing is worth the making if  It does not make the man.   Why build these cities glorious  If man unbuilded goes?  In vain we build the world, unless  The builder also grows.
Sooner or later everyone sits down to a banquet of consequences.
Desire, like the atom, is explosive with creative force.
There is nothing permanent except change.
Knowledge is the eye of desire and can become the pilot of the soul.
People ask the difference between a leader and a boss. The leader leads, and the boss drives.
Adjustment with right people is always better than argument with wrong ones.
What signify a few lives lost in a century or two? The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants. It is its natural manure.
I dream of the realization of the unity of Africa, whereby its leaders combine in their efforts to solve the problems of this continent. I dream of our vast deserts, of our forests, of all our great wildernesses.
Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain.
In peace, sons bury their fathers. In war, fathers bury their sons.
I do not see why man should not be just as cruel as nature.
Mistakes are a fact of life. It is the response to the error that counts.
Untutored courage is useless in the face of educated bullets.
People tend to forget their duties but remember their rights.
A miser and a liar bargain quickly.
If you know you are on the right track, if you have this inner knowledge, then nobody can turn you off… no matter what they say.
I even got letters form kids in hospitals saying the music is what keeps them going, and that really touched my heart.
The health of nations is more important than the wealth of nations.
Politicians are the same all over. They promise to build bridges even when there are no rivers.
When a needle falls into a deep well, many people will look into the well, but few will be ready to go down after it.
Self-interest is but the survival of the animal in us. Humanity only begins for man with self-surrender.
What I could not support was a dumb war a rash war a war based not on reason but on passion not on principle but on politics. 
Every tragedy contains the seeds of triumph.
It is better to be safe than sorry.
Never hate jealous people. They are jealous because they think you are better than them.
I often regret that I have spoken; never that I have been silent.
We cannot seek achievement for ourselves and forget about progress and prosperity for our community... Our ambitions must be broad enough to include the aspirations and needs of others, for their sakes and for our own.
The dynamic is extremely similar to Gremlins and the hero is very similar, plus the small town atmosphere. It really is in a way the third Gremlins movie.
I know now why confusion in government is not only tolerated but encouraged. I have learned. A confused people can make no clear demands.
I am responsible only to God and history.
No one can predict the future, you just need to live your life, do the right things and everything will be exactly as it was meant to be.
There are three principal means of acquiring knowledge... observation of nature, reflection, and experimentation. Observation collects facts; reflection combines them; experimentation verifies the result of that combination.
Beware of silent dogs and still waters.
We think too small. Like the frog at the bottom of the well. He thinks the sky is only as big as the top of the well. If he surfaced, he would have an entirely different view.
Cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
I want some one to give me a Loan and then leave me Alone.
Evil is unspectacular and always human, and shares our bed and eats at our own table.
Where there is joy there is creation. Where there is no joy there is no creation: know the nature of joy.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
Our whole philosophy is one of transparency.
Hold tight to memories for comfort, lean on your friends for strength..
The real price of everything is the toil and trouble of acquiring it.
We met by chance and turned into friends and now our destiny keeps us close to each others making our friendship grow more with the passingÂ&nbsp; time you are a friend for lifetime!!
Consider your origins: you were not made to live as brutes, but to follow virtue and knowledge.
Write your sad times in the sand so the pain will wash away and write your happy times in stone, so the memories will never fade.
I believe the world is one big family, and we need to help each other.
Science is fun. Science is curiosity. We all have natural curiosity. Science is a process of investigating. It\'s posing questions and coming up with a method. It\'s delving in.
That is the essence of a witch-hunt, that any questioning of the evidence or the procedures in itself constitutes proof of complicity.
Circumstances give in reality to every political principle, its distinguishing colour, and discriminating effect. The circumstances are what render every civil and political scheme beneficial or noxious to mankind.
It is neither wealth nor splendor; but tranquility and occupation which give you happiness.
I never changed, I just grew up.
The wheel of fortune turns round incessantly, and who can say to himself, I shall to-day be uppermost.
You make me feel whole. When youre not around, I feel like a part of me is missing.
The real struggle is not between East and West, or capitalism and communism, but between education and propaganda.
Desperation is the raw material of drastic change. Only those who can leave behind everything they have ever believed in can hope to escape.
If you steal something small you are a petty thief, but if you steal millions you are a gentleman of society.
There is a foolish corner in the brain of the wisest man.
It takes but one positive thought when given a chance to survive and thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts.
Rich gifts wax poor when givers prove unkind.
Sometimes you just gotta accept that some people can only be in your heart, not in your life.
I talk to God but the sky is empty.
Live fast, die young, and leave a good looking corpse.
A pleasant illusion is better than a harsh reality.
Fascism should rightly be called Corporatism, as it is the merger of corporate and government power.
To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering.
Sometimes, silence is the best way to let someone know they did something wrong.
What I fear most is power with impunity. I fear abuse of power, and the power to abuse.
Sometimes when i say  i am okay I want someone Too look me in the eyes Hug me tight and say  I know youre not!!!
Those who know how to think need no teachers.
Men make their own history, but they do not make it just as they please; they do not make it under circumstances chosen by themselves, but under circumstances directly found, given, and transmitted from the past.
There is no pain so great as the memory of joy in present grief.
It is better to be a young June-bug than an old bird of paradise.
If one morning I walked on top of the water across the Potomac River, the headline that afternoon would read: President Can\'t Swim.
A man who neglects his duty as a citizen is not entitled to his rights as a citizen.
The speed of the leader determines the rate of the pack.
The moment a man ceases to progress, to grow higher, wider and deeper, then his life becomes stagnant.
Information is a source of learning. But unless it is organized, processed, and available to the right people in a format for decision making, it is a burden, not a benefit.
Never get discouraged when things go beyond your expectation. Always remember that the greatest glory in life is not winning, but rising every time we fall.
Hygiene is two thirds of health.
Chief Seattle, of the Indians that inhabited the Seattle area, wrote a wonderful paper that has to do with putting oneself in tune with the universe. He said,
The big secret in life is that there is no big secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if youre willing  to work.
For you, a thousand times over
Feelings are everywhere -- be gentle.
Music can name the unnameable and communicate the unknowable.
There\'s nothing like a home-cooked meal - nothing! When people ask me what the best restaurant in L.A. is, I say, \'Uh, my house.\' It\'s more intimate. Food can connect people in a forever sort of way.
Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age.
Strategic planning will help you fully uncover your available options, set priorities for them, and define the methods to achieve them.
Trust is hard to come by. That\'s why my circle is small and tight. I\'m kind of funny about making new friends.
Love and kindness are never wasted. They always make a difference. They bless the one who receives them, and they bless you, the giver.
You may never know what results come of your actions, but if you do nothing, there will be no results.
Societies have always been shaped more by the nature of the media by which men communicate than by the content of the communication.
A thing of beauty is a joy forever: its loveliness increases; it will never pass into nothingness.
Fortune and love favor the brave.
We all make mistakes, have struggles, and even regret things in our past. But you are not your mistakes, you are not your struggles, and you are here NOW with the power to shape your day and your future.
Work hard in silence & let the success make noise.
The journey between what you once were and who you are now becoming is where the dance of life really takes place.
And the Devil did grin, for his darling sin is pride that apes humility.
The man who can make hard things easy is the educator.
Every stress leaves an indelible scar, and the organism pays for its survival after a stressful situation by becoming a little older.
The price good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men.
Facts are facts and will not disappear on account of your likes.
But my everyday music is classic rock. It\'s what I relate to the most and where my heart is.
I hate it when someone ruins my day with their attitude!
Superstition is the religion of feeble minds.
The current state of knowledge is a moment in history, changing just as rapidly as the state of knowledge in the past has ever changed and, in many instances, more rapidly.
By the skillful and sustained use of propaganda, one can make a people see even heaven as hell or an extremely wretched life as paradise.
The soul, fortunately, has an interpreter - often an unconscious but still a faithful interpreter - in the eye.
I do think we know that a teacher who knows what he or she is doing, knows their subject matter, and knows how to impart knowledge to kids is a critical piece of closing the achievement gap.
Work and play are words used to describe the same thing under differing conditions.
Every country has the government it deserves.
I am no more a witch than you are a wizard. If you take my life away, God will give you blood to drink.
Excellence is the best deterrent to racism or sexism.
Come to the edge, He said. They said, We are afraid. Come to the edge, He said. They came. He pushed them... and they flew.
To climb steep hills requires slow pace at first.
Having a family is like having a bowling alley installed in your head.
The world has closed its eyes to the humanitarian catastrophe in Azerbaijan, where every seventh citizen is a refugee.
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.
Stand aside for a while and leave room for learning observe carefully what children do and then if you have understood well perhaps teaching will be different from before. 
Everything that exceeds the bounds of moderation has an unstable foundation.
The next challenge for Christianity is to remind Europeans that we are called to seek the truth.
Teach me to live, that I may dread The grave as little as my bed.
Romantic love is an illusion. Most of us discover this truth at the end of a love affair or else when the sweet emotions of love lead us into marriage and then turn down their flames.
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
We need to give each other the space to grow, to be ourselves, to exercise our diversity. We need to give each other space so that we may both give and receive such beautiful things as ideas, openness, dignity, joy, healing, and inclusion.
Avarice hoards itself poor; charity gives itself rich.
The future belongs to the few of us still willing to get our hands dirty.
I don\'t care what the haters and naysayers say. If they make jokes about me, I\'ll laugh because they\'ll probably be funny.
I am aware that in presenting myself as the advocate of the Indians and their rights, I shall stand very much alone.
In youth and beauty, wisdom is but rare!
I like wet hair and sweatpants. I like sneakers and ponytails.
Books and movies are like apples and oranges. They both are fruit, but taste completely different.
Want is a growing giant whom the coat of Have was never large enough to cover.
The mother art is architecture. Without an architecture of our own we have no soul of our own civilization.
Never raise your hand to your kids. It leaves your groin unprotected.
She is a friend of my mind. She gather me, man. The pieces I am, she gather them and give them back to me in all the right order.
If the king loves music, there is little wrong in the land.
Energy is an eternal delight, and he who desires, but acts not, breeds pestilence.
Theres just one life to live and theres no time to waste.
Dont be so quick to believe everything you hear because lies always spread faster than the truth.
The digital revolution is far more significant than the invention of writing or even of printing.
Silence is the ultimate weapon of power.
Faith is the bird that feels the light when the dawn is still dark.
Marriage is like a game of chess except the board is flowing water, the pieces are made of smoke and no move you make will have any effect on the outcome.
I live my life and I do what I do, and sometimes you forget that people are watching you.
But for what purpose was the earth formed? asked Candide. To drive us mad, replied Martin.
The informality of family life is a blessed condition that allows us all to become our best while looking our worst.
When actors are being defensive and defending their position, that is when you get less than good acting.
The highest purpose is to have no purpose at all. This puts one in accord with nature, in her manner of operation.
One original thought is worth a thousand mindless quotings.
The thing worse than rebellion is the thing that causes rebellion.
Once while St. Francis of Assisi was hoeing his garden, he was asked, What would you do it you were suddenly to learn that you were to die at sunset today? He replied, I would finish hoeing my garden.
We are only given today and never promised tomorrow. So make sure you tell the peope who are special in your life, that you love them.
Life is 10 percent what you make it, and 90 percent how you take it.
Seek not the favor of the multitude; it is seldom got by honest and lawful means. But seek the testimony of few; and number not voices, but weigh them.
Ignorance has always been the weapon of tyrants; enlightenment the salvation of the free.
My dream date is a tall, dark, handsome, blue eyed man with a bubble butt who will whisk me away to Paris in a hot air balloon to wine me, dine me and.
Whoever said the pen is mightier than the sword obviously never encountered automatic weapons.
A thread will tie an honest man better than a chain a rogue.
The conventional definition of management is getting work done through people, but real management is developing people through work.
I can remember the frustration of not being able to talk. I knew what I wanted to say, but I could not get the words out, so I would just scream.
Life could be wonderful if people would leave you alone.
I want our relationship to be like Tom and Jerry. No matter how many times we fight, we wont be apart.
Nothing matters very much, and few things matter at all.
Integrity is doing the right thing when no one is watching.
How many millionaires do you know who have become wealthy by investing in savings accounts? I rest my case.
Progress is the activity of today and the assurance of tomorrow.
All good things are cheap: all bad are very dear.
We are the only class in history that has been left to fight its battles alone, unaided by the ruling powers. White labor and the freed black men had their champions, but where are ours?
An iPod, a phone, an internet mobile communicator... these are NOT three separate devices! And we are calling it iPhone! Today Apple is going to reinvent the phone. And here it is.
Power has only one duty - to secure the social welfare of the People.
Conversation should be pleasant without scurrility, witty without affectation, free without indecency, learned without conceitedness, novel without falsehood.
Time and tide wait for no man, but time always stands still for a woman of 30.
I use emotion for the many and reserve reason for the few.
Art is a jealous mistress; and if a man have a genius for painting, poetry, music, architecture or philosophy, he makes a bad husband and an ill provider.
An organization, no matter how well designed, is only as good as the people who live and work in it.
If this is coffee, please bring me some tea; but if this is tea, please bring me some coffee.
A mans biggest mistake is giving another man the opportunity to make his woman smile.
Once they stop talking to you, they start talking about you.
The highest result of education is tolerance.
Revolve your world around the customer and more customers will revolve around you.
Hatred is active, and envy passive dislike; there is but one step from envy to hate.
In a word, I was too cowardly to do what I knew to be right, as I had been too cowardly to avoid doing what I knew to be wrong.
The real minimum wage is zero unemployment.
A human being is not attaining his full heights until he is educated.
Fascism should more appropriately be called Corporatism because it is a merger of state and corporate power.
Most people return small favors, acknowledge medium ones and repay greater ones -- with ingratitude.
When you cease to strive to understand, then you will know without understanding.
Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears
Gambling is the child of avarice, the brother of iniquity, and the father of mischief.
Anything that is worth teaching can be presented in many different ways. These multiple ways can make use of our multiple intelligences.
No man ever wetted clay and then left it, as if there would be bricks by chance and fortune.
Anything that is wasted effort represents wasted time. The best management of our time thus becomes linked inseparably with the best utilization of our efforts.
I want to stay away from politics, or else I\'ll probably end up putting my size fifteen foot into my mouth.
The task of the leader is to get his people from where they are to where they have not been.
The most exciting thing for all of us is movies and movie stars.
A lie can run around the world six times while the truth is still trying to put on its pants.
Divide and rule, the politician cries; unite and lead, is watchword of the wise.
Power is always dangerous. Power attracts the worst and corrupts the best.
The open-minded see the truth in different things: the narrow-minded see only the differences.
A little incompatibility is the spice of life, as long as he has income and she is pattable.
Pride that dines on vanity, sups on contempt.
Money can\'t buy happiness.
All progress occurs because people dare to be different.
Let everyone sweep in front of his own door and the whole world will be clean.
All propaganda has to be popular and has to accommodate itself to the comprehension of the least intelligent of those whom it seeks to reach.
He who knows others is clever, but he who knows himself is enlightened.
Make it simple. Make it memorable. Make it inviting to look at. Make it fun to read.
Nobody knows everything but everybody knows something..
Shun idleness. It is a rust that attaches itself to the most brilliant metals.
To create a little flower is the labor of ages.
What is research, but a blind date with knowledge.
With Malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right, as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in, to bind up the nation\'s wounds.
The more we sweat in peace the less we bleed in war.
To succeed in your mission, you must have single-minded devotion to your goal.
A victim mentality is a prolonged form of suicide.
Reality does not conform to the ideal, but confirms it.
Terrorism is a horrible thing that is the great threat to civilization on our planet.
Music has healing power. It has the ability to take people out of themselves for a few hours.
Selecting the right person for the right job is the largest part of coaching.
There is a limit at which forbearance ceases to be a virtue.
the hard part is not making a decision, it is living with it
It\'s good to trust others but, not to do so is much better.
There is nothing capricious in nature and the implanting of a desire indicates that its gratification is in the constitution of the creature that feel it.
Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful.
If you can count your money, you don\'t have a billion dollars.
Faint heart never won fair lady.
Fighting terrorism is like being a goalkeeper. You can make a hundred brilliant saves but the only shot that people remember is the one that gets past you.
True happiness... is not attained through self-gratification, but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.
you can never change the past nor control the future,but u can change the mood of the day by touching someones heart with your smile.
That thou seest, man, become too thou must; God, if thou seest God, dust, if thou seest dust.
Death may be the greatest of all human blessings.
Any man\'s death diminishes me, because I am involved in Mankind; And therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for thee.
At 50, everyone has the face he deserves.
Some people pass through our lives in a shorter time frame than we had hoped to teach us things they never could have taught if they stayed.
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.
The measure of a great leader, is their success in bringing everyone around to their opinion twenty years later.
For one word a man is often deemed to be wise, and for one word he is often deemed to be foolish. We should be careful indeed what we say.
I object to violence because when it appears to do good, the good is only temporary; the evil it does is permanent.
When you put on a uniform, there are certain inhibitions that you accept.
No man has any natural authority over his fellow men.
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
The dice of God are always loaded.
There is no justice among men.
No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave.
When you go in search of honey you must expect to be stung by bees.
Although beauty may be in the eye of the beholder, the feeling of being beautiful exists solely in the mind of the beheld.
To select the wrong person for a job is a common mistake; not to remove him/her is a fatal weakness.
The clash of ideas is the sound of freedom.
I do to keep things sounding fresh. Sometimes just changing the running order of the show is a good idea.
Just finished deleting some friends on Facebook, if you can read this then you got lucky.
The sage has one advantage: He is immortal. If this is not his century, many others will be.
The distance is great from the firm belief to the realization from concrete experience.
Genius is eternal patience.
Swollen in head, weak in legs, sharp in tongue but empty in belly.
Non-violence is the greatest force at the disposal of mankind. It is mightier than the mightiest weapon of destruction devised by the ingenuity of man.
Life is a game. Money is how we keep score.
There is no greater sorrow  Than to recall a happy time  When miserable.
Strive for continuous improvement, instead of perfection.
Education is the vaccine for violence.
Life is the art of drawing without an eraser.
Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.
Of a dead leopard we keep the skin, of man his reputation.
May you have enough happiness to make you sweet, enough trials to make you strong, enough sorrow to keep you human enough hope to make you happy.
All rising to a great place is by a winding stair.
Give me a woman who loves beer and I will conquer the world.
The way to gain a good reputation is to endeavor to be what you desire to appear.
Trusting you again is my decision, Proving me wrong is your choice.
A great obstacle to happiness is to expect too much happiness.
Reformation, like education, is a journey, not a destination.
The dream he needed most was the dream that frightened him more.
The opposite of bravery is not cowardice but conformity.
“I refuse to be limited and defined by my height, weight, skin colour, hair texture, circumstances and where I come from.” 
“On your way to greatness you are guaranteed to fail; that is life for you it has no guarantees. What you do with your failure is what will take you to greatness.” 
I am a member of a team, and I rely on the team, I defer to it and sacrifice for it, because the team, not the individual, is the ultimate champion.
Win or lose, do it fairly.
Just because you do not take an interest in politics doesn\'t mean politics won\'t take an interest in you.
All parts of the human body get tired eventually - except the tongue.
Rest satisfied with doing well, and leave others to talk of you as they please.
Learning another language is not only learning different words for the same things, but learning another way to think about things.
Its better to step back when ignored rather than waiting to be insulted.
Sexual harassment law is very important. But I think it would be a mistake if the sexual harassment law movement is the only way in which feminism is known in the media.
Lords are lordliest in their wine.
It is as hard for the good to suspect evil, as it is for the bad to suspect good.
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.
Cherish your human connections: your relationships with friends and family.
A handsome shoe often pinches the feet.
The will to succeed is important, but what\'s more important is the will to prepare.
Feelings of worth can flourish only in an atmosphere where individual differences are appreciated, mistakes are tolerated, communication is open, and rules are flexible - the kind of atmosphere that is found in a nurturing family.
If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it.
Life is full of misery, loneliness, and suffering - and it\'s all over much too soon.
Marriage is one of the most sacred human institutions. I asked our Senators, as many South Dakotans have done, to protect marriage as a union between a man and a woman.
I hate ingratitude more in a person; than lying, vainness, babbling, drunkenness, or, any taint of vice whose strong corruption inhabits our frail blood. Twelfth Night
Life would be infinitely happier if we could only be born at the age of 80 and gradually approach 18.
The great growling engine of change - technology.
Ethics and equity and the principles of justice do not change with the calendar.
Love has no age, no limit; and no death.
When you think there is nothing left in your life,just keep working hard until you die :)
Pain is temporary. It may last a minute, or an hour, or a day, or a year, but eventually it will subside and something else will take its place. If I quit, however, it lasts forever.
There are children playing in the street who could solve some of my top problems in physics, because they have modes of sensory perception that I lost long ago.
Read it carefully and get meaning! Minimum love is friendship. But maximum friendship is love strange but true! Happy friendship day!
It is better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak up and remove all doubt.
Were a star quenched on high,For ages would its light,Still travelling downward from the sky,Shine on our mortal sight. So when a great man dies,For years beyond our ken,The light he leaves behind him liesUpon the paths of men.
The said truth is that it is the greatest happiness of the greatest number that is the measure of right and wrong.
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence.
The opposite of love is not hate, the opposite of love is ignorance.
Never lose hope. Never lose faith.
And New York is the most beautiful city in the world? It is not far from it. No urban night is like the night there... Squares after squares of flame, set up and cut into the aether. Here is our poetry, for we have pulled down the stars to our will.
My guiding principles in life are to be honest, genuine, thoughtful and caring.
Only the mob and the elite can be attracted by the momentum of totalitarianism itself. The masses have to be won by propaganda.
Truth can be stated in a thousand different ways, yet each one can be true.
Praise a fine day at night.
Our imagination flies -- we are its shadow on the earth.
I hate when people look at my phone while Im typing. Its not that I have something to hide... Its just none of their damn business :/
A fool and his money are soon parted.
A man is known by the books he reads, by the company he keeps, by the praise he gives, by his dress, by his tastes, by his distastes, by the stories he tells, by his gait, by the motion of his eye, by the look of his house, of his chamber; for nothing on earth is solitary, but everything hath affinities infinite.
Sound become music, movement becomes dance, smile becomes laughter & life becomes celebration. When old friend keep in touch. Happy friends day!!!
I tell students that the opportunities I had were a result of having a good educational background. Education is what allows you to stand out.
I see humans but no humanity
When he shall die,  Take him and cut him out in little stars,  And he will make the face of heaven so fine  That all the world will be in love with night  And pay no worship to the garish sun.
Deep within man dwell those slumbering powers; powers that would astonish him, that he never dreamed of possessing; forces that would revolutionize his life if aroused and put into action.
Idleness is to the human mind like rust to iron.
The significance of man is not what he attains, but rather in what he longs to attain.
The trouble with too many people is they believe the realm of truth always lies within their vision.
Bright lights cast dark shadows when shone from only one direction.
Temporary solutions often become permanent problems.
I\'m a simple man. All I want is enough sleep for two normal men, enough whiskey for three, and enough women for four.
Be happy. It\'s one way of being wise.
Man is mortal. This is his fate. Man pretends not to be mortal. That is his sin. Man is a creature of time and place whose perspectives and insights are invariably conditioned by his immediate circumstances. 
Musicians don\'t retire; they stop when there\'s no more music in them.
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.
All the great legends are Templates for human behavior. I would define a myth as a story that has survived.
Power never takes a step back except in the face of more power.
Hate is more lasting than dislike.
He is a fool who cannot be angry; but he is a wise man who will not.
Learning disabilities cannot be cured, but they can be treated successfully and children with LD can go on to live happy, successful lives.
Beautiful young people are accidents of nature, but beautiful old people are works of art.
Time to put that wall back up, I wont be fooled again.
Language is a city to the building of which every human being brought a stone.
Medicaid is essentially bankrupt, Medicare is essentially bankrupt, why the heck would we give the federal government another entitlement program to manage?
Reason is not automatic. Those who deny it cannot be conquered by it. Do not count on them. Leave them alone.
Martyrdom does not end something, it only a beginning.
Life without industry is guilt, industry without art is brutality.
Never say you are happy when you are sad. Never say you feel good when you feel bad. And never say you are alone when Im still here.
Envy eats nothing, but its own heart.
I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders.
The wing of the Falcon brings to the king, the wing if the crow brings him to the cemetery.
If I had no sense of humor, I would long ago have committed suicide.
Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold.
The body of a dead enemy always smells sweet.
We can complain because rose bushes have thorns, or rejoice because thorn bushes have roses
Mathematics knows no races or geographic boundaries; for mathematics, the cultural world is one country.
No matter how busy you may think you are, you must find time for reading, or surrender yourself to self-chosen ignorance.
The man who is a pessimist before 48 knows too much; if he is an optimist after it, he knows too little.
All your dreams can come true if you have the courage to pursue them.
Life is not a spectator sport. If you\'re going to spend your whole life in the grandstand just watching what goes on, in my opinion you\'re wasting your life.
Training is everything. The peach was once a bitter almond; the cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
You are the first thought of every morning, the best thought of each day and the last thought of every night. Good Night
Thanks for being a true mentor of our hearts. Happy Teachers day
Man cannot remake himself without suffering, for he is both the marble and the sculptor.
History is a guide to navigation in perilous times. History is who we are and why we are the way we are.
Whereof whats past is prologue, what to comeIn yours and my discharge.
The nature of our two main political parties has changed in the United States.
Fathers are angles, without father the world seems to be nothing. I love you papa I miss you very much!!!
I am always sorry when any language is lost, because languages are the pedigree of nations.
A hungry dog and a thirsty horse take no heed of blows.
My main job was developing talent. I was a gardener providing water and other nourishment to our top 750 people. Of course, I had to pull out some weeds, too.
In my address last year, I spoke on the issue of gaming. My preference then is my preference now: to keep gaming within its existing contours, but to explore a better deal for all Minnesotans.
Its hard to forget the past with someone you want a future with..
Fairy tales do not tell children the dragons exist. Children already know that dragons exist. Fairy tales tell children the dragons can be killed.
The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency. The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency.
If thou art rich, thou art poor; for, like an ass, whose back with ingots bows, thou bearest thy heavy riches but a journey, and death unloads thee.
I will not let anyone walk through my mind  with their dirty feet.
Woman without curves is like a road without bends. You may get to your destination quicker, but the ride is boring as hell.
Roses fall, but the thorns remain.
Strength is looking back and seeing what you have been through and knowing you were strong enough to make it through.
In the state of nature profit is the measure of right.
Most people of action are inclined to fatalism and most of thought believe in providence.
Smart people talk about ideas. Common people talk about things. Mediocre people talk about people.
Evil people rely on the acquiescence of naive good people to allow them to continue with their evil. 
Every truth passes through three stages before it is recognized. In the first it is ridiculed, in the second it is opposed, in the third it is regarded as self evident.
If men could learn from history, what lessons it might teach us! But passion and party blind our eyes, and the light which experience gives us is a lantern on the stern which shines only on the waves behind us.
When nothing seems to help, I go look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it.
To understand the world, you must first understand a place like Mississippi.
Patience is the key to paradise.
Im too bright to shine in your dull World..
It is an unfortunate fact that we can secure peace only by preparing for war.
How soon not now, becomes never.
You learn to know a pilot in a storm.
Public money is like holy water; everyone helps himself to it.
Death makes no conquest of this conqueror: For now he lives in fame, though not in life.
The daily word for today is ?FOCUS? ( Fuck Off Cuz You?re Stupid ) FOCUS.FOCUS.FOCUS everyone!
My life is one clown short of a circus.
The biggest slap to your enemies is your success!!!!
Whom the gods love dies young.
We realise the value of life increases only after it is lost.
Had I but served my God with half the zeal I served my King, He would not in mine age have left me naked to mine enemies.
says love grows where trust is laid, and love dies where trust is betrayed
Real education should consist of drawing the goodness and the best out of our own students. What better books can there be than the book of humanity?
Summer is like childhood; full of warm memories and gone too soon.
Man is an animal that makes bargains; no other animal does this--one dog does not change a bone with another.
A small debt makes a man your debtor, a large one your enemy.
Leisure is the time for doing something useful. This leisure the diligent person will obtain the lazy one never.
The Holy Roman Empire is neither Holy, nor Roman, nor an Empire.
A leader has the vision and conviction that a dream can be achieved. He inspires the power and energy to get it done.
It is to be regretted that the rich and powerful too often bend the acts of government to their own selfish purposes.
There are hundreds of languages in the world but a smile speaks them all.
Genius Borrows nobly.
Every advantage has its disadvantage.
Unemployment is capitalism\'s way of getting you to plant a garden.
You taught me how to love but not how to stop.
Deliberate with caution, but act with decision; and yield with graciousness or oppose with firmness.
It takes a great man to be a good listener.
In a bet there is a fool and a thief.
I got techniques dripping out my butt cheeks. Sleep on my stomach so I don\'t f*** up my sheets.
The mainstream media has its own agenda. They do not want to print the facts. They have an agenda, they have a slant, they have a bias. It is outrageous to me.
When in Rome, live as the Romans do; when elsewhere, live as they live elsewhere.
Music is God\'s gift to man, the only art of Heaven given to earth, the only art of earth we take to Heaven.
A poor man says work is life. A rich man says money is life. A lover says love is life but. I say my idiot friends are my life.
Death makes angels of us all and gives us wings where we had shoulders smooth as ravens claws.
If you board the wrong train, it is no use running along the corridor in the other direction.
Necessity is the mother of invention is a silly proverb. Necessity is the mother of futile dodges is much nearer the truth.
Our pleasures are shallow, our sorrows are deep.
Onward and Upward!  To Narnia and the North!
Let me embrace thee, sour adversity, for wise men say it is the wisest course.
You must learn a new way to think before you can master a new way to be.
Victory and defeat are each of the same price.
How can you buy or sell the sky, the warmth of the land? The idea is strange to us. If we do not own the freshness of the air and the sparkle of the water, how can you buy them? Every part of the earth is sacred to my people.
Each generation imagines itself to be more intelligent than the one that went before it, and wiser than the one that comes after it.
Humans are creatures who spent their lifes trying to convince themselves that their existence is not absurd 
Industry is the soul of business and the keystone of prosperity.
What connects two thousand years of genocide? Too much power in too few hands.
Beware, so long as you live, of judging men by their outward appearance.
I ask you to pass through life at my side—to be my second self, and best earthly companion.
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody else expects of you. Never excuse yourself. Never pity yourself. Be a hard master to yourself-and be lenient to everybody else.
I dote on his very absence.
The most sensible people to be met with in society are men of business and of the world, who argue from what they see and know, instead of spinning cobweb distinctions of what things ought to be.
Every child needs a champion.
The only difference between a caprice and a lifelong passion is that the caprice lasts a little longer.
Nothing is more unreliable than the populace, nothing more obscure than human intentions, nothing more deceptive than the whole electoral system.
If you would keep your secret from an enemy, tell it not to a friend.
Someday somewhere somehow me & you will be together.
Fear not death for the sooner we die, the longer we shall be immortal.
Fashion is an imposition, a reign on freedom.
Success is relative: It is what we can make of the mess we have made of things.
Punctuality is the politeness of kings.
This evening of a well-spent life brings its lamps with it.
Let the workers organize. Let the toilers assemble. Let their crystallized voice proclaim their injustices and demand their privileges. Let all thoughtful citizens sustain them, for the future of Labor is the future of America.
Stupid men are the only ones worth knowing after all.
You are too blessed to be stressed. Stop focusing on the negatives. Only embrace the positives.
Something which we think is impossible now is not impossible in another decade.
Love is a friendship set to music.
Whatever you do may seem insignificant to you, but it is most important that you do it.
When it comes to luck, you make your own.
By the street of By-and-By, one arrives at the house of Never.
Dictators never invent their own opportunities.
I am sitting here thinking of how much I enjoyed our last moment together and how much I cant wait until the next. I love and miss you very much. Be home soon
A smile is always the best form of introduction.
Like a welcome summer rain, humor may suddenly cleanse and cool the earth, the air and you.
I\'m not interested in trying to work on people\'s perceptions. I am who I am, and if you don\'t take the time to learn about that, then your perception is going to be your problem.
Love is like the five loaves and two fishes, It doesnt start to multiply until you give it away.
since the thing perhaps is  to eat flowers and not to be afraid
Animals are such agreeable friends; they ask no questions, they pass no criticisms.
You may not have saved a lot of money in your life, but if you have saved a lot of heartaches for other folks, you are a pretty rich man.
Coolness and absence of heat and haste indicate fine qualities.
Standing in the middle of the road is very dangerous; you get knocked down by the traffic from both sides.
There is no success without hardship.
The pain of parting is nothing to the joy of meeting again.
To announce that there must be no criticism of the President, or that we are to stand by the President, right or wrong, is not only unpatriotic and servile, but is morally treasonable to the American public.
We were the finest. We were the best in the world. We were a department that people came from all over the world to study, to look at, to see how we accomplished so much with so little; and we did.
Everyone has his superstitions. One of mine has always been when I started to go anywhere, or to do anything, never to turn back or to stop until the thing intended was accomplished.
I used to do drugs. I still do drugs. But I used to, too.
People fade and feelings change.
And my father always took me to the library. We were both book addicts.
A man of genius has been seldom ruined but by himself.
Thus, the standard library will serve as both a tool and as a teacher.
Love the people god gave you because he will need them back one day.
Life is a sexually transmitted disease and the mortality rate is one hundred percent.
Great minds must be ready not only to take opportunities, but to make them.
Cock your hat - angles are attitudes.
Good habits result from resisting temptation.
For the strength of the Pack is the Wolf, and the strength of the Wolf is the Pack.
Change is good only when you know yourself.
The tendency of aggression is an innate, independent, instinctual disposition in man... it constitutes the most powerful obstacle to culture.
When a stupid man is doing something he is ashamed of, he always declares that it is his duty.
Insomnia is a gross feeder. It will nourish itself on any kind of thinking, including thinking about not thinking.
Instead of licking the boots of the rich people and bowing before them daily—We can stop doing that by simply knowing our worth in life.
He who cannot forgive breaks the bridge over which he himself must pass.
Learn to let go of the things that makes you hurt, it doesnt belong to you. Because every people deserve to be happy.
Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God.
Beware of the man who knows the answer before he understands the question.
It is easier to perceive error than to find truth, for the former lies on the surface and is easily seen, while the latter lies in the depth, where few are willing to search for it.
I believe a lot of disease comes from anxiety, loneliness.
Whenever a doctor cannot do good, he must be kept from doing harm.
Chemistry can be a good and bad thing. Chemistry is good when you make love with it. Chemistry is bad when you make crack with it.
Power is what men seek and any group that gets it will abuse it.
Cheer up, tomorrow will be a better day, just believe!
No one reaches a high position without daring.
The English scene got more media attention with their emphasis on fashion, with the safety pins and all. There were some really good bands over there. The Sex Pistols were great.
If yesterday did not end up the way you wanted, just remember God created today for you to start a new. God gives the best to those who leave the choice to him.
In waking a tiger, use a long stick.
That was a surprise. I just had wished that Wil Wheaton was there. He was missing from the last show and it would have been nice if everyone could have been there.
My Girl = My Life . Touch Her = Your Last Day On Earth.
Look twice before you leap.
Opportunity is the best captain of all endeavor.
Audacity, more audacity, always audacity.
My life needs editing.
Power can be taken, but not given. The process of the taking is empowerment in itself.
Young men, hear an old man to whom old men hearkened when he was young.
How a minority, reaching majority, seizing authority, hates a minority!
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
The light of lights looks always on the motive, not the deed, the shadow of shadows on the deed alone.
The mind is the limit. As long as the mind can envision the fact that you can do something, you can do it-as long as you really believe 100 percent.
I Wish My Parents Were Like Google. They Should Understand Me Even Before I Complete.
Virtue can only flourish among equals.
If you want your life to be meaningful go out and do something about it.
It is by presence of mind in untried emergencies that the native metal of man is tested.
The public buys its opinions as it buys its meat, or takes in its milk, on the principle that it is cheaper to do this than to keep a cow. So it is, but the milk is more likely to be watered.
A snow year, a rich year.
I am what is mine. Personality is the original personal property.
Money is not real. It is a conscious agreement on measuring value.
The problem with quotes on the internet is that it is hard to verify their authenticity.
Out of compassion I destroy the darkness of their ignorance. From within them I light the lamp of wisdom and dispel all darkness from their lives.
When I die, my only wish is that Cambodia remain Cambodia and belong to the West. It is over for communism, and I want to stress that.
Thank god my wife is neither a Serb nor a Jew.
Someone else is happy with less than what you have. Be thankful.
The happiest moments of my life have been the few which I have past at home in the bosom of my family. public emploiment contributes neither to advantage nor happiness. It is but honorable exile from ones family and affairs.
Be careful the environment you choose for it will shape you; be careful the friends you choose for you will become like them.
If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.
The biggest mistake that you can make is to believe that you are working for somebody else. Job security is gone. The driving force of a career must come from the individual. Remember: Jobs are owned by the company, you own your career!
There is no achievement without goals.
Justice is conscience, not a personal conscience but the conscience of the whole of humanity. Those who clearly recognize the voice of their own conscience usually recognize also the voice of justice.
The man without a purpose is like a ship without a rudder-a wait, a nothing, a no man.
The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places.
Experience tells you what to do; confidence allows you to do it.
No matter how big or soft or warm your bed is, you still have to get out of it.
Man is still the most extraordinary computer of all.
We have a good arrangement. Roman lies to me and I pretend to believe him.
Perception is reality.
The less we read the Word of God, the less we desire to read it, and the less we pray, the less we desire to pray.
The law has no compassion. And justice is administered without compassion.
America is addicted to wars of distraction.
Sameness is the mother of disgust, variety the cure.
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live.
In history as in human life, regret does not bring back a lost moment and a thousand years will not recover something lost in a single hour.
Sometimes we expect more from others, because we would be willing to do that much for them.
Only god can turn a mess into a message, a test into a testimony, a trial into a triumph, a victim into a victory.
No sympathy for the devil; keep that in mind. Buy the ticket, take the ride...and if it occasionally gets a little heavier than what you had in mind, well...maybe chalk it off to forced conscious expansion: Tune in, freak out, get beaten.
You can delegate authority, but you can never delegate responsibility for delegating a task to someone else. If you picked the right man, fine, but if you picked the wrong man, the responsibility is yours -- not his.
What libertarians assert is simply that differences among normal adults do not imply different fundamental rights.
We are all different. Yet we are all God\'s children. We are all united behind this country and the common cause of freedom, justice, fairness, and equality. That is what unites us.
Intense love does not measure, it just gives.
The truth comes as conqueror only because we have lost the art of receiving it as guest.
When you meet me, you think I am quiet. Then you get to know me and just wish I was quiet.
The guerrilla must move amongst the people as a fish swims in the sea.
I want my first kiss to be long but gentle, soft but glorious. Most of all want it to be with you.
Sex pleasure in woman is a kind of magic spell; it demands complete abandon; if words or movements oppose the magic of caresses, the spell is broken.
The ultimate tragedy is not the oppression and cruelty by the bad people but the silence over that by the good people.
Justice in the life and conduct of the State is possible only as first it resides in the hearts and souls of the citizens.
The goal of all life is death.
Just beyond the horizon of the so-called impossible is infinite possibility.
My task, which I am trying to achieve is, by the power of the written word, to make you hear, to make you feel--it is, before all, to make you see.
Death comes to all, but great achievements build a monument which shall endure until the sun grows cold.
Im not gonna change for anyone. I dont care what people think, because I am me, and proud of it.
Dance enables you to find yourself and lose yourself at the same time.
A man must make his own arrows.
In?life learn to show appreciation to those who do good by you and return the favor as well.
Obedience is better than sacrifice.
To feel nothing what a beautiful feeling that is.
I believe in benevolent dictatorship provided I am the dictator.
It\'s not a faith in technology. It\'s faith in people.
In this world there are only two tragedies. One is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it. The last is much the worst; the last is a real tragedy!
The falsification of scientific data or analysis is always a serious matter.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
All things by immortal power. Near of far, to each other linked are, that thou canst not stir a flower without troubling of a star.
The first lesson a revolutionary must learn is that he is a doomed man. Unless he understands this, he does not grasp the essential meaning of his life.
The rate of change is not going to slow down anytime soon. If anything, competition in most industries will probably speed up even more in the next few decades.
Its never going to be the same again. And thats whats killing me.
I am not failed, my success is just postponed.
For whosoever commands the sea commands the trade; whosoever commands the trade of the world commands the riches of the world, and consequently the world itself.
The only safe ship in a storm is leadership.
There is no such uncertainty as a sure thing.
Time was a film run backward. Suns fled and ten million moons fled after them. 
Market segmentation s a natural result of the vast differences among people.
People really feel that, when they go to the gas pump now, that the oil cartel is holding them by the legs and tipping them upside down and shaking money out of their pockets.
My life is very crazy and busy, but I love it that way.
I found the reason to smile, the day I found you.
The hour of departure has arrived and we go our ways; I to die, and you to live. Which is better? Only God knows.
Fashion is more powerful than any tyrant.
War is the remedy that our enemies have chosen, and I say let us give them all they want.
Inconsistency is the only thing in which men are consistent.
Mankind has survived all catastrophes. It will also survive modern medicine.
The Devil finds work for idle hands.
Captivity is the greatest of all evils that can befall one.
It is better to light one small candle than to curse the darkness.
If a man empties his purse into his head, no one can take it away from him. An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
Apart from that Mrs Lincoln, how did you enjoy the play?
Politics is the conspiracy of the unproductive but organized against the productive but unorganized.
Let me die the moment my love dies.   Let me not outlive my own capacity to love.   Let me die still loving, and so, never die.
The beginnings of all things are small.
Haters are not born...They are made... By yours truly.
The biggest disappointment has been seeing the number of people in this business with very shortsighted views.
If you put shame in a Petri dish, it needs three things to grow exponentially: secrecy, silence and judgment.
The less you care, the happier you will be.
I think that a song, when it works, never mind a piece of long form music, even a song is something that speaks to itself but has a language all of its own, ideally.
Your whatsapp status says online ..If your online then why arent you texting me!!!
I miss you more than the sun misses the sky at night.
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
I confess that in 1901 I said to my brother Orville that man would not fly for fifty years.
Do not look for a sanctuary in anyone except yourself.
A system of morality which is based on relative emotional values is a mere illusion, a thoroughly vulgar conception which has nothing sound in it and nothing true.
I came, I saw, I conquered. [Latin: Veni, vidi, vici.]
Suddenly, as rare things will, it vanished.
After the game, the king and the pawn go into the same box.
All men should have a drop of treason in their veins, if nations are not to go soft like so many sleepy pears.
Stressing output is the key to improving productivity, while looking to increase activity can result in just the opposite.
The less people think the more they talk.
I am single but not available.
Rules are for the obedience of fools and the guidance of wise men.
Im a Teenager: I have a messy room. I spend most of my time online. I have private shit on my phone. I go to bed late do whatever the fuck I like and Im crazy about 1 person.
Comedy is an escape, not from truth but from despair; a narrow escape into faith.
Trust, but verify.
Women desire six things: They want their husbands to be brave, wise, rich, generous, obedient to wife, and lively in bed.
Grace is savage and must be savage in order to be perfect.
Hate is a dead thing. Who of you would be a tomb?
Poor man walks miles to earn the food & rich man walks miles to digest the food.
We seek the truth and will endure the consequences.
The revolution has always been in the hands of the young. The young always inherit the revolution.
Education must, be not only a transmission of culture but also a provider of alternative views of the world and a strengthener of the will to explore them.
Human rights rest on human dignity. The dignity of man is an ideal worth fighting for and worth dying for.
Oh, the brave Music of a distant drum!
A man may imagine things that are false, but he can only understand things that are true, for if the things be false, the apprehension of them is not understanding.
The idea of cultural relativism is nothing but an excuse to violate human rights.
Quality is never an accident. It is always the result of intelligent effort.
Anyone who has a continuous smile on his face conceals a toughness that is almost frightening.
Twilight fell: The sky turned to a light, dusky purple littered with tiny silver stars.
The game of life is a game of boomerangs. Our thoughts, deeds and words return to us sooner or later with astounding accuracy.
Sexuality is the lyricism of the masses.
More than forty years of Communist rule in Central and Eastern Europe resulted in an unhappy and artificial division of Europe. It is this dark chapter of European history that we now have the opportunity to close.
But if thought corrupts language, language can also corrupt thought.
Burn down your cities and leave our farms, and your cities will spring up again as if by magic; but destroy our farms and the grass will grow in the streets of every city in the country.
What good fortune for governments that the people do not think.
Perfection itself is imperfection.
A conservative is a liberal who got mugged the night before.
Two cheers for democracy one because it admits variety and two because it permits criticism. Two cheers are quite enough: There is no occasion to give three.
The reversal of a Supreme Court opinion is possible.
Real nobility is based on scorn, courage, and profound indifference.
Communism is in conflict with human nature.
The limits of my language are the limits of my mind. All I know is what I have words for.
Welcome to Lake Wobegon, where all the women are strong, all the men are good-looking, and all the children are above average.
Don\'t change on me. Don\'t extort me unless you intend to do it forever.
There are three marks of a superior man: being virtuous, he is free from anxiety; being wise, he is free from perplexity; being brave, he is free from fear.
Nice To Meet You, Im (Your Name) And You Are...Gorgeous!
We are also further than ever from equality of opportunity.
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
If pigs could vote, the man with the slop bucket would be elected swineherd every time, no matter how much slaughtering he did on the side.
No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks.
The fabric of existence weaves itself whole.
Ignorance is not bliss - it is oblivion.
I stand before you a changed man. Use me as an example of an instrument of change.
Science is the attempt to make the chaotic diversity of our sense experience correspond to a logically uniform system of thought.
A politician thinks of the next election. A statesman, of the next generation.
Canada is the homeland of equality, justice and tolerance.
Politics is too serious a matter to be left to the politicians.
I think self-awareness is probably the most important thing towards being a champion.
The darker the night, the brighter the stars,    The deeper the grief, the closer is God!
Nothing is as it seems but something is everything it is made out to be. 
Time is the most undefinable yet paradoxical of things; the past is gone, the future is not come, and the present becomes the past even while we attempt to define it, and, like the flash of lightning, at once exists and expires.
Never argue with an idiot, People watching wont be able to tell the difference.
The American Dream has run out of gas. The car has stopped. It no longer supplies the world with its images, its dreams, its fantasies. No more. It\'s over. It supplies the world with its nightmares now: the Kennedy assassination, Watergate, Vietnam.
I have learned to hate all traitors, and there is no disease that I spit on more than treachery.
History is written by the victors.
Life is nothing without friendship.
Patience is the key to contentment.
Victories that are easy are cheap. Those only are worth having which come as the result of hard fighting.
Live for the moments that bring butterflies to your stomach and a smile to your face
Character is much easier kept than recovered.
Beauty is but a vain and doubtful good; a shining gloss that fadeth suddenly; a flower that dies when it begins to bud; a doubtful good, a gloss, a glass, a flower, lost, faded, broken, dead within an hour. -
By a lie, a man... annihilates his dignity as a man.
Turn your scars into stars
The Industrial Revolution was another of those extraordinary jumps forward in the story of civilization.
He mobilized the English language and sent it into battle.
A ship should not ride on a single anchor, nor life on a single hope.
If everything is important, then nothing is.
The superior man is he who develops, in harmonious proportions, his moral, intellectual and physical nature.
Success is the sweetest revenge.
Economic growth without social progress lets the great majority of people remain in poverty, while a privileged few reap the benefits of rising abundance.
Where the world ceases to be the scene of our personal hopes and wishes, where we face it as free beings admiring, asking and observing, there we enter the realm of Art and Science
Teaching is the greatest act of optimism.
Dont laugh at those who fail Laugh at those who dont try.
If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask? Do they get smart just in time to ask questions?
The first virtue in a soldier is endurance of fatigue courage is only the second virtue.
This is no time for ease and comfort. It is the time to dare and endure.
The urge to destroy is also a creative urge. 
No man ever yet became great by imitation.
Give me a one-handed economist! All my economists say, On the one hand on the other.
Call no man unhappy until he is married.
Mistakes are a part of being human. Appreciate your mistakes for what they are: precious life lessons that can only be learned the hard way. Unless its a fatal mistake, which, at least, others can learn from.
The high sentiments always win in the end, the leaders who offer blood, toil, tears and sweat always get more out of their followers than those who offer safety and a good time. When it comes to the pinch, human beings are heroic.
Mistakes are sometimes the best memories.
The illiterate of the future will not be the person who cannot read. It will be the person who does not know how to learn.
Far from Jupiter, far from his thunder.
Honor is the reward of virtue.
The essence of war is violence. Moderation in war is imbecility.
The nobler the blood the less the pride.
Time is more precious than gold more precious than diamonds more precious than oil or any valuable treasures. It is time that we do not have enough of it is time that causes the war within our hearts and so we must spend it wisely. 
There is no such thing as a single-issue struggle because we do not live single-issue lives.
The trouble with you Chicago people is that you think you are the best people down here, whereas you are merely the most numerous.
We learn geology the morning after the earthquake.
The average TV commercial of sixty seconds has one hundred and twenty halfsecond clips in it or onethird of a second. We bombard people with sensation. That substitutes for thinking. 
May God bless you both on the day of your engagement! Congratulations!
People who enjoy meetings should not be in charge of anything.
Something is wrong here: sex has been with us since the human race began its existence, yet I would estimate that 90 percent of human beings still suffer enormous inhibitions in this area.
Remember the love you feel today. Look back on it daily and measure how much it has grown.
Love cannot live where there is no trust.
Let our advance worrying become advance thinking and planning.
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
The best feeling: When you wake up at 5am and realize you still have more hours to sleep.
Our future cannot depend on the government alone. The ultimate solutions lie in the attitudes and the actions of the American people.
Come on, you sons of bitches! Do you want to live forever?
Marriage is a lottery in which men stake their liberty and women their happiness.
For the wise man looks into space and he knows there is no limited dimensions.
Love is the slowest form ofÂ&nbsp; suicide.
To do nothing evil is good; to wish nothing evil is better.
Begin to weave and God will give the thread.
Mining is like a search-and-destroy mission.
Nothing valuable can be lost by taking time.
Love has 4 letters, but so does Hate; Friends has 7 letters, but so does Enemies; Truth has 5 letters, but so does Lying.
In teaching others we teach ourselves.
A designer knows he has achieved perfection not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
If a man thinks he is not conceited, he is very conceited indeed.
O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practise to deceive!
Time is money says the proverb, but turn it around and you get a precious truth. Money is time.
Authority without wisdom is like a heavy ax without an edge, fitter to bruise than polish.
All the holy scriptures are useless without people having faith into their hearts.
Punctuality is the thief of time
The greatest happiness of the greatest number is the foundation of morals and legislation.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
Doing things differently leads to something exceptional.
Life is hard; it\'s harder if you\'re stupid.
There is always one moment in childhood when the door opens and lets the future in.
Everything has its limit - iron ore cannot be educated into gold.
There is geometry in the humming of the strings, there is music in the spacing of the spheres.
The more I see of the moneyed classes, the more I understand the guillotine.
The happy people are those who are producing something; the bored people are those who are consuming much and producing nothing.
I am, indeed, a king, because I know how to rule myself.
If time be of all things the most precious, wasting time must be the greatest prodigality.
If we destroy human rights and rule of law in the response to terrorism, they have won.
Nobody can think straight who does not work. Idleness warps the mind. Thinking without constructive action becomes a disease.
Forgive me for my mistakes, Im still a kid learning the responsibility of being an adult..
Bankruptcy is a legal proceeding in which you put your money in your pants pocket and give your coat to your creditors.
When an angel came to me, he asked: What is your wish for tonight? I said Please take care of the person reading this message. Good Night!
Bite off more than you can chew and then chew like hell.
Opportunities to find deeper powers within ourselves come when life seems most challenging.
Parents wonder why the streams are bitter, when they themselves have poisoned the fountain.
I am proud of my work for my country.
The sky is not less blue because the blind man does not see it.
Reward sweetens labour.
You must not fight too often with one enemy, or you will teach him all your art of war.
Wherever smart people work, doors are unlocked.
Man must be disciplined, for he is by nature raw and wild.
Good morning starshine, the Earth says hello.
He who has no charity deserves no mercy.
I was a gang leader. Although, it was a gang for defensive purposes. It was not a gang to sell drugs.
There is no such thing as accident; it is fate misnamed.
Is Your Dad A Terrorist? Because You Are The Bomb.
I was smiling yesterday, I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow. Simply because life is too short to cry for anything.
I never learned anything while I was talking.
The dream is to keep surprising yourself, never mind the audience.
The pressures having grown up in this business can be really rough. And it is a testament to you that you have remained focused and NOT lost your mind.
Friendship is the only cement that will hold the world together.
When the eyes say one thing, and the tongue another, a practiced man relies on the language of the first.
Giving credit where credit is due is a very rewarding habit to form. Its rewards are inestimable.
There is a principle which is a bar against all information, which is proof against all argument and which cannot fail to keep a man in everlasting ignorance. This principle is contempt prior to examination.
Choose your partner very wisely. Choose your relationships and even associations very carefully. The greatest degrees of loneliness are not felt in being alone but in being with the wrong partner or being surrounded by the wrong people. 
Never be dependent to anyone in this world because even your own shadow leaves you when youre in darkness.
Legend: A lie that has attained the dignity of age.
Security represents your sense of worth, your identity, your emotional anchorage, your self-esteem, your basic personal strength or lack of it.
I do support enhanced interrogation techniques. Obviously their value is shining through with respect to the bin Laden killing.
What is a fish without a river? What is a bird without a tree to nest in? What is an Endangered Species Act without any enforcement mechanism to ensure their habitat is protected? It is nothing.
It haunts me, the passage of time. I think time is a merciless thing. I think life is a process of burning oneself out and time is the fire that burns you. But I think the spirit of man is a good adversary.
Russia is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma.
But Above all things truth beareth away the victory
Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning.
Why try and be fake when being real takes less effort?
I cannot believe in a God who wants to be praised all the time.
The impulse to dream was slowly beaten out of me by experience. Now it surged up again and I hungered for books, new ways of looking and seeing.
Never forget that the most powerful force on earth is love.
Liars are always ready to take oaths.
The only job where you start at the top, is digging a hole.
You need, as a historian, essential triangulation from your subject and the only way you get that triangulation is through time.
Telling a teenager the facts of life is like giving a fish a bath.
A patronizing disposition always has its meaner side.
Death is the penalty we all pay for the privilege of life.
Money can\'t buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.
The end may justify the means as long as there is something that justifies the end.
Those who are not looking for happiness are the most likely to find it, because those who are searching forget that the surest way to be happy is to seek happiness for others.
Travel is a fools paradise.
They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.
Hesitation increases in relation to risk in equal proportion to age.
Men must be governed by God or they will be ruled by tyrants.
Every man must do two things alone he must do his own believing and his own dying.
Just saw the most smartest person when i was in front of the mirror :P
Industry, perseverance, and frugality make fortune yield.
Never argue with a fool, people might not know the difference
To the world you may be one person but to one person you may be the world.
Global warming is not a conqueror to kneel before - but a challenge to rise to. A challenge we must rise to.
You can never be overdressed or overeducated.
When my parents died, it became clear to me that there was an end in sight. Death was never a real thing to me. And then when that happened I realized I only have so many years left, if I\'m lucky.
As Im trying to make everyone else happy Im making myself miserable in the process
Those who stand for nothing fall for anything.
Be thankful for hard times in your life. Try not to look at them as bad things, but as opportunities to grow and learn.
The eyes have one language everywhere.
To suckle fools, and chronicle small beer.
The weakest link in a chain is the strongest because it can break it.
Employees who believe that management is concerned about them as a whole person - not just an employee - are more productive, more satisfied, more fulfilled. Satisfied employees mean satisfied customers, which leads to profitability.
He that labors and thrives spins gold.
Nothing in all the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity.
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you\'d have preferred to talk.
And the whole world, the whole world that believes in freedom, whether you\'re talking about personal freedom, economic freedom, religious freedom, they look to the United States for leadership; and you\'re part of that leadership.
He was so depressed, he tried to commit suicide by inhaling next to an Armenian.
Censorship is advertising paid by the government.
Nothing good ever comes of violence.
Stop running away from your problems. Its time to face them.
Courage leads to heaven; fear leads to death.
A smile is a passport that will take you anywhere you want to go
During the decades after Brown v. Board of Education there was terrific progress. Tens of thousands of public schools were integrated racially. During that time the gap between black and white achievement narrowed.
Wearing the correct dress for any occasion is a matter of good manners.
Chance favors the prepared mind.
Did The Sun Come Out Or Did You Just Smile At Me?
We should forgive our enemies but not before they are hanged 
The great masses of the people will more easily fall victims to a big lie than to a small one.
Beauty awakens the soul to act.
When it comes to atoms, language can be used only as in poetry. The poet, too, is not nearly so concerned with describing facts as with creating images.
Selfishness is not living as one wishes to live. It is asking others to live as one wishes to live.
Guests, like fish, begin to smell after three days.
Skill and confidence are an unconquered army.
Not when truth is dirty, but when it is shallow, does the enlightened man dislike to wade into its waters.
What is life, but a series of inspired follies?
The great aim of education is not knowledge but action.
Sadness is also a kind of defence.
Love can be unselfish, in the sense of being benevolent and generous, without being selfless.
If you want to change attitudes, start with a change in behavior.
The worst form of tyranny the world has ever known the tyranny of the weak over the strong. It is the only tyranny that lasts.
The pioneers of a warless world are the young men and women who refuse military service.
Government is not reason, it is not eloquence-it is force! Like fire it is a dangerous servant and a fearful master; never for a moment should it be left to irresponsible action.
Nature gives to every time and season some beauties of its own; and from morning to night, as from the cradle to the grave, it is but a succession of changes so gentle and easy that we can scarcely mark their progress.
An honest politician is one who, when he is bought, will stay bought.
My day may be hectic. My schedule may be tight. But I would never let the day end without saying good night. :-*
Mine honor is my life; both grow in one; take honor from me and my life is done.
Truth will always be truth, regardless of lack of understanding, disbelief or ignorance.
Everyone has his day and some days last longer than others.
God is the immemorial refuge of the incompetent, the helpless, the miserable. They find not only sanctuary in His arms, but also a kind of superiority, soothing to their macerated egos: He will set them above their betters.
The system of book-keeping by double entry is, perhaps, the most beautiful one in the wide domain of literature or science.  Were it less common, it would be the admiration of the learned world.
Anthropology demands the open-mindedness with which one must look and listen, record in astonishment and wonder that which one would not have been able to guess.
True friends will correct you for your mistakes. Not judge you for them.
Though patience be a tired mare, yet she will plod.
I have as much chance of becoming Prime Minister as of being decapitated by a frisbee or of finding Elvis.
Never make permanent Decisions on Temporary feelings
The end of a melody is not its goal: but nonetheless, had the melody not reached its end it would not have reached its goal either. A parable.
It is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent that survives. It is the one that is the most adaptable to change.
America is woven of many strands. I would recognise them and let it so remain. Our fate is to become one, and yet many. This is not prophecy, but description.
To find a friend one must close one eye -- to keep him, two.
Be not the first by whom the new are tried, Nor yet the last to lay the old aside.
Very few men are wise by their own counsel, or learned by their own teaching; for he that was only taught by himself had a fool as his master.
I can always pretend Im okay, but it doesnt mean I dont get hurt..
Give and it shall be given unto you: good measure, pressed down, and shaken together, and running over... Luke 6:38
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back again when it begins to rain.
Success in life is a matter not so much of talent or opportunity as of concentration and perseverance.
A man who moralizes is usually a hypocrite, and a woman who moralizes is invariably plain.
Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children.
Gender equality is more than a goal in itself. It is a precondition for meeting the challenge of reducing poverty, promoting sustainable development and building good governance.
He who spares the bad injures the good.
The lady doth protest too much, methinks.
A man has free choice to the extent that he is rational.
There is a wonder in reading Braille that the sighted will never know: to touch words and have them touch you back.
Pain insists upon being attended to. God whispers to us in our pleasures, speaks in our consciences, but shouts in our pains. It is his megaphone to rouse a deaf world.
Imagination creates reality.
Great things happen when you least expect them
English literature is a kind of training in social ethics. English trains you to handle a body of information in a way that is conducive to action.
And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and there shall be nor more death, neither sorrow nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain. Revelation
Everyone has a hidden agenda. Except me!
During times of universal deceit, telling the truth becomes a revolutionary act.
Capital punishment is as fundamentally wrong as a cure for crime as charity is wrong as a cure for poverty.
The silence, often of pure innocence, persuades where speaking fails.
Ours not to reason why, ours but to do and die.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
The consequences of an act affect the probability of its occurring again.
When shepherds quarrel, the wolf has a winning game.
Positive thinking sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and can achieve the impossible.
Sport is a wonderful metaphor for life. Of all the sports that I played - skiing, baseball, fishing - there is no greater example than golf, because you\'re playing against yourself and nature.
The person who is brutally honest enjoys the brutality quite as much as the honesty. Possibly more.
Love begins by taking care of the closest ones - the ones at home.
To be bitter is to attribute intent and personality to the formless, infinite, unchanging and unchangeable void. We drift on a chartless, resistless sea. Let us sing when we can, and forget the rest..
We make up horrors to help us cope with the real ones.
Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind.
Look to your health; and if you have it, praise God and value it next to a good conscience; for health is the second blessing that money cannot buy; therefore value it, and be thankful for it.
Dont raise your voice, improve your argument.
Peace is not the absence of conflict but the presence of creative alternatives for responding to conflict - alternatives to passive or aggressive responses, alternatives to violence.
Let me tell you a little secret. My life rocks bcoz of you. Its filled with laughter, fun and so much excitement, feels great.
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom; for we never know what is enough until we know what is more than enough.
Whatever befalls the earth befalls the son of the earth. Man did not weave the web of life; he is merely a strand of it. Whatever he does to the web, he does to himself.
When wealth is lost, nothing is lost; when health is lost, something is lost; when character is lost, all is lost.
No entertainment is so cheap as reading, nor any pleasure so lasting.
Superfluous wealth can buy superfluities only.
The legacy of heroes is the memory of a great name and the inheritance of a great example.
A Scout is never taken by surprise; he knows exactly what to do when anything unexpected happens.
I am alone I thought and they are everybody. 
My hatred gives me strength.
Accident is the name of the greatest of all inventors.
Fame means millions of people have the wrong idea of who you are.
It is better to be the widow of a hero than the wife of a coward.
Hindsight is always 20/20 but you can’t have all the information to make a decision in the time of a crisis. The more important thing is to make a good decision.
Honesty is the best policy, but he who is governed by that maxim is not an honest man.
Old age is always wakeful; as if, the longer linked with life, the less man has to do with aught that looks like death.
The oaths of a woman I inscribe on water.
Therefore in medicine we ought to know the causes of sickness and health.
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.
A good marriage is like a casserole, only those responsible for it really know what goes in it.
Moderation in temper is always a virtue; but moderation in principle is always a vice.
To absent friends, lost loves, old gods, and the season of mists; and may each and every one of us always give the devil his due.
Evil enters like a needle and spreads like an oak tree.
My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I\'m happy. I can\'t figure it out. What am I doing right?
I cannot teach you violence, as I do not myself believe in it. I can only teach you not to bow your heads before any one even at the cost of your life.
Art, in itself, is an attempt to bring order out of chaos.
A house divided against itself cannot stand.
All doors open to courtesy.
The promise given was a necessity of the past: the word broken is a necessity of the present.
If you wish to be success in the world, promise everything, deliver nothing.
Young people need models, not critics...
You are not born a winner; you are not born a loser. You are born a chooser.
The victory march will continue until the Palestinian flag flies in Jerusalem and in all of Palestine.
The glory of gardening: hands in the dirt, head in the sun, heart with nature. To nurture a garden is to feed not just on the body, but the soul.
Most people are too busy living life to ever put life in their living.
Indifference to me is the epitome of all evil. 
The world\'s biggest power is the youth and beauty of a woman.
Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally.
A man without a goal is like a ship without a rudder.
What a chimera then is man. What a novelty! What a monster, what a chaos, what a contradiction, what a prodigy. Judge of all things, imbecile worm of the earth; depositary of truth, a sink of uncertainty and error: the pride and refuse of the universe.
Fire is never a gentle master
I set myself on fire and people come to watch me burn.
Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it.
A few observation and much reasoning lead to error; many observations and a little reasoning to truth.
True charity is the desire to be useful to others with no thought of recompense.
Jealousy is both reasonable and belongs to reasonable men, while envy is base and belongs to the base, for the one makes himself get good things by jealousy, while the other does not allow his neighbour to have them through envy.
Duty is the most sublime word in our language. Do your duty in all things. You cannot do more. You should never wish to do less.
What though youth gave love and roses, Age still leaves us friends and wine.
 You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you.
I am against the death penalty.
Its the little things that matter, that add up in the end, with the priceless thrilling magic found only in a friend.
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake whole relationships.
Each day is a little life: every waking and rising a little birth, every fresh morning a little youth, every going to rest and sleep a little death.
Hello, Im still here.
The function of a citizen and a soldier are inseparable.
When you are editing, the final master is Aristotle and his poetics. You might have a terrific episode, but if people are falling out because there are just too many elements in it, you have to begin to get rid of things.
Socialism is a philosophy of failure, the creed of ignorance, and the gospel of envy, its inherent virtue is the equal sharing of misery.
Money is like love; it kills slowly and painfully the one who withholds it, and enlivens the other who turns it on his fellow man.
If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face—for ever.
Everyone wants to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
In the midst of life we are in debt.
If you tell the truth it becomes part of your past.... If you tell a lie it becomes part of your future...
Most women defend themselves. It is the female of the species -- it is the tigress and lioness in you -- which tends to defend when attacked.
He who has been bitten by a snake fears a piece of string.
Rome was not built in one day.
Madness is rare in individuals - but in groups, parties, nations, and ages it is the rule.
When a man has lost all happiness, he\'s not alive. Call him a breathing corpse.
What Einstein was able to do was - to use a cliche - think out of the box.
Happiness is when last seen at changes to online and then to typing :P
Owning a home is a keystone of wealth - both financial affluence and emotional security.
Love me because I am me. Do not hate me because I am not what you want me to be.
The smallest minority on earth is the individual. Those who deny individual rights cannot claim to be defenders of minorities.
Equality, rightly understood as our founding fathers understood it, leads to liberty and to the emancipation of creative differences; wrongly understood, as it has been so tragically in our time, it leads first to conformity and then to despotism.
Change does not necessarily assure progress, but progress implacably requires change. Education is essential to change, for education creates both new wants and the ability to satisfy them.
The mind that does not understand is the Buddha. There is no other.
What a man does defiles him, not what is done by others.
Time flies never to be recalled.
I know life was never meant to be easy.. but i never thought it would be this hard.
O mischief, thou art swift to enter in the thoughts of desperate men!
Maturity is the ability to think, speak and act your feelings within the bounds of dignity. The measure of your maturity is how spiritual you become during the midst of your frustrations.
Early to bed, early to rise, work like hell, and advertise.
Where no hope is left, is left no fear.
The world is full of fools and faint hearts; and yet everyone has courage enough to bear the misfortunes, and wisdom enough to manage the affairs of his neighbor.
Spring is a natural resurrection, an experience in immortality.
Smile and no one will see how broken you are inside.
Spend, and God will send.
A good memory is one trained to forget the trivial.
In the animal kingdom, the rule is, eat or be eaten; in the human kingdom, define or be defined.
Stand straight, walk proud, have a little faith.
A broken bone can heal, but the wound a word opens can fester forever.
All human life is here, but the Holy Ghost seems to be somewhere else.
The police are the public and the public are the police; the police being only members of the public who are paid to give full time attention to duties which are incumbent on every citizen in the interests of community welfare and existence.
Fiction reveals truth that reality obscures.
In the long history of humankind (and animal kind, too) those who learned to collaborate and improvise most effectively have prevailed.
Invention is the talent of youth, as judgment is of age.
Hate is too great a burden to bear. It injures the hater more than it injures the hated.
It was all I lived for, to play baseball.
I buy expensive suits. They just look cheap on me.
Knowledge is a weapon. I intend to be formidably armed.
You cannot protect two things at the same time. If you dont make a decision, you will lose both.
Honesty is the best gift you can give.
Sometimes its just one of those days when you feel the need to look back and smile at all of those embarrassing, childish, silly moments that just so happened to define who you are
No one knows what he can do until he tries.
Loss and possession, death and life are one, There falls no shadow where there shines no sun.
The truth is really an ambition which is beyond us.
A widespread taste for pornography means that nature is alerting us to some threat of extinction.
There is nothing more powerful than an idea whose time has come.
The belief that there is only one truth, and that oneself is in possession of it, is the root of all evil in the world.
I would imagine that if you could understand Morse code, a tap dancer would drive you crazy.
Everybody wants to live forever, but nobody wants to grow old.
Someday, someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else.
Becoming number one is easier than remaining number one.
The television, that insidious beast, that Medusa which freezes a billion people to stone every night, staring fixedly, that Siren which called and sang and promised so much and gave, after all, so little.
This is the problem with getting attached to someone. When they leave, you just feel lost.
To add value to others, one must first value others.
Our paths may change as life goes along, but the bond between friends remains ever strong!!!
Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit. 
I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally.
The Rift, which was well over a thousand pages of manuscript, took two years.
The best way to make children good is to make them happy.
Diversity: the art of thinking independently together.
We have to talk about liberating minds as well as liberating society.
You can cage the singer but not the song.
Poor but happy is not a phrase invented by a poor person.
Not only is the self entwined in society; it owes society its existence in the most literal sense.
Heaven never helps the men who will not act.
We must dare to be happy, and dare to confess it, regarding ourselves always as the depositories, not as the authors of our own joy.
Without learning good manners you can win a game of rudeness.
Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader.
Leadership to me means duty, honor, country. It means character, and it means listening from time to time.
Vision without action is merely a dream. Action without vision just passes the time. Vision with action can change the world.
Only he who can see the invisible can do the impossible.
We must learn to understand humanity better so that we can create an environment that is more beneficial to people, more rewarding, more pleasant to experience.
People quit on jobs. They quit on marriages. They quit on school. There\'s an immediacy of this day and age that doesn\'t lend itself to being committed to anything.
With one kind gesture you can change a life. One person at a time you can change the world. One day at a time we can change everything.
Give me the ready hand rather than the ready tongue.
The goal of every culture is to decay through over-civilization; the factors of decadence, -- luxury, skepticism, weariness and superstition, -- are constant. The civilization of one epoch becomes the manure of the next.
A spoon does not know the taste of soup, nor a learned fool the taste of wisdom.
The press is our chief ideological weapon.
A liar will not be believed, even when he speaks the truth.
What stronger breastplate than a heart untainted. Henry Iv
Sometimes you dont realize how good the good old days were until theyre gone.
Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind.
True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else.
Testing of self is a regular part of our own lives, so it seems natural to make it a part of the lives of my characters, as well, albeit on a much different level.
As a matter of fact, I rarely ever play myself.
One day a man asked God… What is the difference between your love and our love.. God smiled and said A bird in the sky is my love and a bird in a cage is your love…
The people to fear are not those who disagree with you, but those who disagree with you and are too cowardly to let you know.
You\'re only as good as your last haircut.
You can be childlike without being childish. A child always wants to have fun. Ask yourself, “Am I having fun?”
Don’t read success stories, you will only get a message. Read failure stories, you will get some ideas to get success
I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.
The 60s passed and faded and I grew older, and in 1987 bought a house in upstate New York, and it turned out that John Brown was buried down the road from my house and that he had lived there longer than anywhere else and his house was still standing.
Sincerity and truth are the basis of every virtue.
Even if I died in the service of the nation, I would be proud of it. Every drop of my blood... will contribute to the growth of this nation and to make it strong and dynamic.
Our ego is our silent partner-too often with a controlling interest.
It is better to learn late than never.
If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles.
Television brought the brutality of war into the comfort of the living room. Vietnam was lost in the living rooms of America - not on the battlefields of Vietnam.
Music is the medicine of the mind.
President Obama and our all-of-the-above energy strategy is the real deal. We are proud of the fact that we are importing less oil than at any time in modern history, and it has been because of the president\'s vision and courage.
Prudence is the virtue by which we discern what is proper to do under various circumstances in time and place.
From politics, it was an easy step to silence.
I write about violence as naturally as Jane Austen wrote about manners. Violence shapes and obsesses our society, and if we do not stop being violent we have no future.
My father was a carpenter, a very good carpenter. He also worked for the Jones boys. They were not family members, we weren\'t related at all. They started the policy racket in Chicago, and they had the five and dime store.
Commitment is an act, not a word.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
Lonely was much better than alone
The greatest gift is a passion for reading. It is cheap, it consoles, it distracts, it excites, it gives you knowledge of the world and experience of a wide kind. It is a moral illumination.
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision.
Life is very interesting... in the end, some of your greatest pains, become your greatest strengths.
Keep it simple, keep it sexy, keep it sad.
Emancipation from the bondage of the soil is no freedom for the tree.
Memory is the treasure house of the mind wherein the monuments thereof are kept and preserved.
All war represents a failure of diplomacy.
Sometimes its not just about missing someone, its wondering if they are missing you too.
Tears are the symbol of the inability of the soul to restrain its emotion and retain its self command.
Life becomes easier when you delete the unnecessary people from it.
One should examine oneself for a very long time before thinking of condemning others.
The amount of money we spend on education is important, but not nearly as important as how the money is spent.
For Beatrice when we first met <BR>I was lonely and you were pretty.<BR>Now I am pretty lonely. 
Men are moved by two levers only: fear and self interest.
It is human nature to think wisely and act in an absurd fashion.
Everyone designs who devises courses of action aimed at changing existing situations into preferred ones.
A good husband is healthy and absent.
The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.
But how will I eat cake if my head is over there, and my hands are over here?
I enjoy playing clubs. I still enjoy the closeness of the nightclub venue. However, after a certain period of time and after playing around some of the clubs in New YorkI felt that jazz should be presented in a more prestigious atmosphere.
Think of a person of average intelligence, and then realise half of the fucking country is more stupid than that idiot.
Only a true best friend can protect you from your immortal enemies.
The revolution is not an apple that falls when it is ripe. You have to make it fall.
A million feelings, a thousand thoughts, a hundred memories, all for one person.
Stop trying to perfect your child, but keep trying to perfect your relationship with him.
Creative without strategy is called \'art.\' Creative with strategy is called \'advertising.\'
To say that an artist sells out means that an artist is making a conscious choice to compromise his music, to to weaken his music for the sake of commercial gain.
Nostalgia is a seductive liar.
With faith, discipline and selfless devotion to duty, there is nothing worthwhile that you cannot achieve.
A man who trims himself to suit everybody will soon whittle himself away.
If a man has been his mother\'s undisputed darling he retains throughout life the triumphant feeling, the confidence in success, which not seldom brings actual success along with it.
Peace and justice are two sides of the same coin.
Advances in technology will continue to reach far into every sector of our economy. Future job and economic growth in industry, defense, transportation, agriculture, health care, and life sciences is directly related to scientific advancement.
Order your soul; reduce your wants; live in charity; associate in Christian community; obey the laws; trust in Providence.
We are faced with the paradoxical fact that education has become one of the chief obstacles to intelligence and freedom of thought.
No one can earn a million dollars honestly.
Leadership demands that we make tough choices.
Act well your part; there all honor lies.
Economy is the art of making the most of life. The love of economy is the root of all virtue.
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
Concern should drive us into action and not into a depression. No man is free who cannot control himself.
Zeal is like fire: it needs both feeding and watching.
And of all illumination which human reason can give, none is comparable to the discovery of what we are, our nature, our obligations, what happiness we are capable of, and what are the means of attaining it.
To know what you know and what you do not know, that is true knowledge.
It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
In nuclear war all men are cremated equal.
A woman being never at a loss... the devil always sticks by them. 
In helping others, we shall help ourselves, for whatever good we give out completes the circle and comes back to us.
The ultimate value of life depends upon awareness and the power of contemplation rather than upon mere survival.
The bare minimum will get you a bare minimum life. Going above and beyond will launch you above and beyond.
Humanitarianism is the expression of stupidity and cowardice.
As I said, men value their independence in a weird way, above practically everything.
Sometimes I feel like rap music is almost the key to stopping racism.
A crown is merely a hat that lets the rain in.
Failure is unimportant. It takes courage to make a fool of yourself.
I never doubted that equal rights was the right direction. Most reforms, most problems are complicated. But to me there is nothing complicated about ordinary equality.
Tyranny and anarchy are never far apart.
Self-pity is easily the most destructive of the non-pharmaceutical narcotics; it is addictive, gives momentary pleasure and separates the victim from reality.
You Are Like A Candy Bar: Half Sweet And Half Nuts.
I trust no one, not even myself.
Hindus, in their capacity for love, are indeed hairless Christians, just as Muslims, in the way they see God in everything, are bearded Hindus, and Christians, in their devotion to God, are hat wearing Muslims.
You cant be the top dog if you act like a pussy!
If there are dreams about a beautiful South Africa, there are also roads that lead to their goal. Two of these roads could be named Goodness and Forgiveness.
Innovation comes from the producer – not from the customer.
Try to leave the Earth a better place than when you arrived.
We know more about the surface of the Moon and about Mars than we do about [the deep sea floor], despite the fact that we have yet to extract a gram of food, a breath of oxygen or a drop of water from those bodies.
Opportunity has hair in front, behind she is bald; if you seize her by the forelock, you may hold her, but, if suffered to escape, not Jupiter himself can catch her again.
If you love something, let it go. If it comes back, it was meant to be.If it does not, hunt it down & kill it.
Form follows profit is the aesthetic principle of our times.
Punishment is the last and the least effective instrument in the hands of the legislator for the prevention of crime.
Self-praise is for losers. Be a winner. Stand for something. Always have class, and be humble.
A pint of example is worth a gallon of advice
The most dangerous people are the ignorant.
The League is very well when sparrows shout, but no good at all when eagles fall out.
You get the best effort from others not by lighting a fire beneath them, but by building a fire within.
Happy, Happy Birthday! I hope the day has been blessed with the presence of those you love most, and many magical moments!
These men ask for just the same thing, fairness, and fairness only. This, so far as in my power, they, and all others, shall have.
Two things define you. Your attitude when you have everything. Patience when you have nothing.
We shall never change our political leaders until we change the people who elect them.
Insincerity is always weakness; sincerity even in error is strength.
Nicolette, Kendalle, and Alexandra are my children. Their mother, Cynthia Beck, and I, love them very much.
Decency never goes out of style. Kindness is always cool. Helpfulness is still hip.
There may be more beautiful times, but this one is ours.
Men do not fail; they give up trying.
There is no sin except stupidity.
First they ignore you, then they ridicule you, then they fight you, and then you win.
It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane.
A human being is a single being. Unique and unrepeatable.
War should be the only study of a prince. He should consider peace only as a breathing-time, which gives him leisure to contrive, and furnishes as ability to execute, military plans.
The hardest thing to explain is the glaringly evident which everybody has decided not to see.
I never thought in terms of being a leader. I thought very simply in terms of helping people.
Being stuck in the past is like walking forward with your back facing the front. Youll always miss out on whats in front of you.
Never forget the importance of history. To know nothing of what happened before you took your place on earth, is to remain a child for ever and ever.
Though bitter, good medicine cures illness. Though it may hurt, loyal criticism will have beneficial effects.
It all happened so fast. The ghetto. The deportation. The sealed cattle car. The fiery altar upon which the history of our people and the future of mankind were meant to be sacrificed.
If you hang out with chickens youre going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles youre going to fly. 
The mystery of love is greater than the mystery of death.
Music is a form of prayer.
You are 27 or 28 right? It is very tough to live at that age. When nothing is sure. I have sympathy with you.
Too much of what is called education is little more than an expensive isolation from reality.
Community is that place where the person you least want to live with always lives.
Mixed feelings, like mixed drinks, are a confusion to the soul.
An objection is not a rejection; it is simply a request for more information.
Him that I love, I wish to be free — even from me.
I am very excited about the future.
Those who do not have power over the story that dominates their lives, the power to retell it, rethink it, deconstruct it, joke about it, and change it as times change, truly are powerless, because they cannot think new thoughts.
Enthusiasm is the greatest asset in the world. It beats money, power and influence.
The greatest waste in the world is the difference between what we are and what we could become.
To greed, all nature is insufficient. - Hercules Oetaeus
Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
I hear, I know. I see, I remember. I do, I understand.
He who loves practice without theory is like the sailor who boards ship without a rudder and compass and never knows where he may cast.
The drops of rain make a hole in the stone, not by violence, but by oft falling.
The mere imparting of information is not education.
If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.
Solutions will not be found while Indigenous people are treated as victims for whom someone else must find solutions.
Fake friends believe in rumors. Real friends believe in you.
We love most those who we serve most.
I pledge you, I pledge myself, to a new deal for the American people.
Time to end a shitty day and start again tomorrow.
A lean compromise is better than a fat lawsuit.
No human race is superior; no religious faith is inferior. All collective judgments are wrong. Only racists make them.
My great concern is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with your failure.
Socialism in general has a record of failure so blatant that only an intellectual could ignore or evade it.
I walk slowly into myself, through a forest of empty suits of armor.
Be careful of your thoughts, they may become words at any moment.
Half of the harm that is done in this world is due to people who want to feel important ... they do not mean to do harm ... they are absorbed in the endless struggle to think well of themselves.
Dying is a wild night and a new road.
Do all the good you can, by all the means you can, in all the ways you can, in all the places you can, at all the times you can, to all the people you can, as long as ever you can.
The passions grafted on wounded pride are the most inveterate they are green and vigorous in old age.
Bad art is a great deal worse than no art at all.
Sometimes democracy must be bathed in blood.
Every man wants to feel that his woman would love him apart from anything else.
There are many truths of which the full meaning cannot be realized until personal experience has brought it home.
Sometimes we have to lose something precious in order to gain something priceless.
The art of teaching is the art of assisting discovery.
The Internet is a whole new world opening up.
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.
Sending you smiles for every moment of your special day. Have a wonderful time and a very Happy Diwali.
Law school taught me one thing; how to take two situations that are exactly the same and show how they are different.
Competition is not only the basis of protection to the consumer, but is the incentive to progress.
It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living.
I leave Iraq gladdened by what has been accomplished and confident your future is full of hope.
The rich will do anything for the poor but get off their backs.
We shall meet again. I have believed in God. I obeyed the laws of war and was loyal to my flag.
It\'s easy to impress me. I don\'t need a fancy party to be happy. Just good friends, good food, and good laughs. I\'m happy. I\'m satisfied. I\'m content.
Sexual pleasure is, I agree, a passion to which all others are subordinate but in which they all unite.
Never regret anything you have done with a sincere affection; nothing is lost that is born of the heart.
Study hard what interests you the most in the most undisciplined, irreverent and original manner possible.
Those who are possessed by nothing possess everything.
Only a genius can play a fool.
Theres a lovely person between Y and I on your keyboard Just look :)
I consider myself an average man, except in the fact that I consider myself an average man.
Whenever people talk to me about the weather, I always feel certain that they mean something else.
One advantage in keeping a diary is that you become aware with reassuring clarity of the changes which you constantly suffer.
The European Union is the world\'s most successful invention for advancing peace.
To revolt is a natural tendency of life. Even a worm turns against the foot that crushes it. In general, the vitality and relative dignity of an animal can be measured by the intensity of its instinct to revolt.
No man has a good enough memory to make a successful liar.
The father who does not teach his son his duties is equally guilty with the son who neglects them.
The underlying principles of strategy are enduring, regardless of technology or the pace of change.
All for one and one for all.
I should tie myself to no particular system of society other than of socialism.
False friends are worse than bitter enemies.
Semua perjalanan hidup adalah sinema. Bahkan lebih mengerikan. Darah adalah darah, dan tangis adalah tangis. Tak ada pemeran pengganti yang akan menanggung sakitmu.
Art can never exist without naked beauty displayed.
Every solution breeds new problems.
Never mind your happiness; do your duty.
A good newspaper is a nation talking to itself.
There is only one thing worse than fighting with allies and that is fighting without them.
Know from whence you came. If you know whence you came, there are absolutely no limitations to where you can go.
The end of birth is death; the end of deathIs birth: this is ordained! and mournest thou,Chief of the stalwart arm! for what befallsWhich could not otherwise befall?
If a man is talking in the forest, and there is no woman there to hear him, is he still wrong?
There are only two forces that can carry light to all the corners of the globe... the sun in the heavens and the Associated Press down here.
For if the proper study of mankind is man, it is evidently more sensible to occupy yourself with the coherent, substantial and significant creatures of fiction than with the irrational and shadowy figures of real life.
Economic depression cannot be cured by legislative action or executive pronouncement. Economic wounds must be healed by the action of the cells of the economic body, the producers and consumers themselves.
Let no man be called happy before his death. Till then, he is not happy, only lucky.
Before borrowing money from a friend decide which you need most.
IMMATURE: A word boring people use to describe fun people.
Did you feel a little warm in the morning? I sent you warm hugs in my thoughts! Good morning and have a wonderful day.
The empty vessel makes the loudest sound.
Delay is the deadliest form of denial.
What is to give light must endure burning.
The best way will be to avoid each other without appearing to do so -- or if we jostle, at any rate not to bite.
Bad news travels fast.
What gunpowder did for war the printing press has done for the mind.
There is nothing safe about sex. There never will be.
Love is hard to believe ask any lover. Life is hard to believe ask any scientist. God is hard to believe ask any believer. 
Youll never know what is waiting for you outside the lines ... If youre too afraid to cross them....
Prestige is the shadow of money and power.
Never mistake my silence for weakness. Ever heard someone plan a murder out loud? Didnt think so!
Beware of the half truth. You may have gotten hold of the wrong half.
Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will want to use it.
There shall never be another season of silence until women have the same rights men have on this green earth. 
I really enjoy doing sitcom television. It allows me to stay in Los Angeles and spend more time with my husband and kids.
In my hut this spring, there is nothing -- there is everything!
He was a rake among scholars, and a scholar among rakes.
I have come back again to where I belong; not an enchanted place, but the walls are strong.
A stitch in time saves nine.
The tallest blade of grass is the first to be cut by the scythe.
It may seem a strange principle to enunciate as the very first requirement in a hospital that it should do the sick no harm.
Stereotypes do exist, but we have to walk through them.
Until justice is blind to color, until education is unaware of race, until opportunity is unconcerned with the color of men\'s skins, emancipation will be a proclamation but not a fact.
Time is the justice that examines all offenders. As You Like It
Your diet is a bank account. Good food choices are good investments.
The power of imagination makes us infinite.
Thinkers think and doers do. But until the thinkers do and the doers think, progress will be just another word in the already overburdened vocabulary of the talkers who talk.
I care not what others think of what I do, but I care very much about what I think of what I do: That is character!
In times of great stress or adversity, it\'s always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive.
Advertising reflects the mores of society, but it does not influence them.
I might run from her for a thousand years and she is still my baby child. Our love is so furious that we burn each other out.
All you ever did was make me cry. may be one day you will realize that you had a good girl in your life.
Life is like a beautiful melody only the lyrics are messed up. 
If music be the food of love, play on.
It is better to err on the side of daring than the side of caution.
I remain loyal to Bach, Mozart, Beethoven and Schubert in music and to Shakespeare and Jane Austen in literature.
The eye of a human being is a microscope, which makes the world seem bigger than it really is.
Thorough preparation makes its own luck.
Living is Easy with Eyes Closed.
To steal from a brother or sister is evil. To not steal from the institutions that are the pillars of the Pig Empire is equally immoral.
All the gods, all the heavens, all the hells, are within you.
Success is the sum of details.
Count the garden by the flowers, never by the leaves that fall. Count your life with smiles and not the tears that roll
Every great person has first learned how to obey, whom to obey, and when to obey.
Raising awareness on the most pressing environmental issues of our time is more important than ever.
Never forget those who gave you a helping hand, and always remember those who didnt.
On the other hand, I mean, that is what writers have always been supposed to do, was to rely on their own devices and to - I mean, writing is a lonely business.
Sorry, I cant hangout. My uncles cousins sister in laws best friends insurance agents roommates pet goldfish died. Maybe next time..
Truly great friends are hard to find, difficult to leave, and impossible to forget.
Vengeance has no foresight.
Dare to be honest and fear no labor.
I throw myself down in my chamber, and I call in, and invite God, and his Angels thither, and when they are there, I neglect God and his Angels, for the noise of a fly, for the rattling of a coach, for the whining of a door.
The difference between a moral man and a man of honor is that the latter regrets a discreditable act; even when it has worked and he has not been caught.
Sorrow makes us all children again, destroys all differences of intellect. The wisest knows nothing.
Penny wise is often pound foolish.
Loose tongues are worse than wicked hands.
Some people will never learn anything, for this reason, because they understand everything too soon.
The family is the first essential cell of human society.
I sat at a table where were rich food and wine in abundance, and obsequious attendance, but sincerity and truth were not; and I went away hungry from the inhospitable board.
Beauty endures only for as long as it can be seen; goodness, beautiful today, will remain so tomorrow.
One death is a tragedy one million is a statistic.
With the advent of genetic engineering the time required for the evolution of new species may literally collapse.
The past informs the present. Memory makes the map we carry no matter how hard we try to erase it. 
Brevity is the soul of wit.
Constant repetition carries conviction.
Its not the breakup that hurts the most. Its the post trauma that follows it. It is waking up and checking your cell for the sms that is not there
The victor will never be asked if he told the truth.
A yawn is a silent shout.
Dont judge me for my choices bcoz trust me you will never understand my reasons.
Better to go to bed hungry than to wake up in debt.
We never touch someone so lightly that we dont leave a trace.
Maturity begins to grow when you can sense your concern for others outweighing your concern for yourself.
Snow provokes responses that reach right back to childhood.
No matter which language you speak, everyone understands the true meaning of smile. It communicates everything that a heart wants to express and understand.
Modern invention has banished the spinning wheel, and the same law of progress makes the woman of today a different woman from her grandmother.
The slum is the measure of civilization.
Love begets love. This torment is my joy.
The way to crush the bourgeoisie is to grind them between the millstones of taxation and inflation.
Your word is your bond.
If friends were flowers I would not pick you! I will let you grow in the garden & cultivate you with love and care so I can keep you as a friend forever.
It is a well-known fact that those people who must want to rule people are, ipso facto, those least suited to do it... anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.
The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.
Single and looking anyone wanna be found?
Happiness was born a twin.
Commit a sin twice and it will not seem a crime.
Joys impregnate. Sorrows bring forth.
A happy family needs a loving and caring father, and he who knows how to be a mother sometimes. Fathers hold their childrens hands for a short while, but their hearts forever.
The greatest enemy of individual freedom is the individual himself.
The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which mean never losing your enthusiasm.
I am only one; but I am still one. I cannot do everything, but still I can do something. I will not refuse to do the something I can do.
Learning is either a continuing thing or it is nothing.
Oh, I think every author is inspired by all of the books that she reads.
A loving smile a heart of gold your dearest person this world can hold though heart fails life departs you will live as a friend forever.
Women are like internet viruses they enter your life, scan your pocket, edit your mind, download their problems, delete your smile.
fake smiles can only hold in your tears for so long
I think music is the most phenomenal platform for intellectual thought.
When a doctor does go wrong he is the first of criminals. He has nerve and he has knowledge.
The torch of doubt and chaos is what the sage steers by.
My grandfather once told me that there were two kinds of people: those who do the work and those who take the credit. He told me to try to be in the first group; there was much less competition.
Sometimes the person you trust most is the one who trust you the least.
Life is a handful of short stories, pretending to be a novel.
Lying is the same as alcoholism. Liars prevaricate even on their deathbeds.
Despite the advice about choosing your friends wisely, you really cannot choose your friends. They choose you!!!
Wherever they burn books they will also, in the end, burn human beings.
In a broken nest there are few whole eggs.
Isolation is the sum total of wretchedness to a man.
The doer alone learneth.
There is no easy walk to freedom anywhere, and many of us will have to pass through the valley of the shadow of death again and again before we reach the mountaintop of our desires.
I have always believed, and I still believe, that whatever good or bad fortune may come our way we can always give it meaning and transform it into something of value.
One of the biggest flaws of people are pretending to be blind to their own mistakes but do not pretend deaf towards the mistakes of others.
The only advantage of not being too good a housekeeper is that your guests are so pleased to feel how very much better they are.
Music is moonlight in the gloomy night of life.
No one is immune from addiction; it afflicts people of all ages, races, classes, and professions.
I do not love him because he is good, but because he is my little child.
To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer.
To live long it is necessary to live slowly.
A smile is a way of writing your thoughts on your face, telling others that they are accepted, liked and appreciated. So heres a big smile just for you. Good morning
I read a poem every night, as others read a prayer.
The only thing that comes to a sleeping man is dreams.
Some men change their party for the sake of their principles; others their principles for the sake of their party.
Grief is like the ocean it comes on waves ebbing and flowing. Sometimes the water is calm and sometimes it is overwhelming. All we can do is learn to swim. 
Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken.
All who have meditated on the art of governing mankind have been convinced that the fate of empires depends on the education of youth.
To live in hearts we leave behind is not to die.
when man determined to destroy    himself he picked the was    of shall and finding only why    smashed it into because.
No nation can rise to the height of glory unless your women are side by side with you.
The mind is like an iceberg, it floats with one-seventh of its bulk above water.
To like and dislike the same things, this is what makes a solid friendship.
To finish first, you must first finish.
To be uncertain is to be uncomfortable, but to be certain is to be ridiculous.
The good memories are kept in your mind the best are kept in your heart.
The advance of technology is based on making it fit in so that you don\'t really even notice it, so it\'s part of everyday life.
I love myself and I am a good person.
The higher the building the lower the morals.
To know, is to know that you know nothing. That is the meaning of true knowledge.
Waiting is the great vocation of the dispossessed.
The giving of love is an education in itself.
Impatience never commanded success.
Communism has never come to power in a country that was not disrupted by war or corruption, or both.
A circle is the reflection of eternity. It has no beginning and it has no end - and if you put several circles over each other, then you get a spiral.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people
All within the state, nothing outside the state, nothing against the state.
The thing about democracy, beloveds, is that it is not neat, orderly, or quiet. It requires a certain relish for confusion.
It is as hard to see oneself as to look backwards without turning around.
Coming together is a beginning, staying together is progress, and working together is success.
It\'s hardware that makes a machine fast. It\'s software that makes a fast machine slow.
I am very interested and fascinated how everyone loves each other, but no one really likes each other.
I loved her. I still love her, though I curse her in my sleep, so nearly one are love and hate, the two most powerful and devasting emotions that control man, nations, life.
Happiness is not a reward it is a consequence. Suffering is not a punishment it is a result.
One of the benefits of a college education is to show the boy its little avail.
My restless, roaming spirit would not allow me to remain at home very long.
When i first met you i never thought i would fall for you, After i fell for you i never thought i would love you, but i do and i dont want it to change.
Money can\'t buy you happiness, but it can buy you a yacht big enough to pull up right alongside it.
Women\'s health needs to be front and center - it often isn\'t, but it needs to be.
Nationalism is inspired by the highest ideals of the human race, satyam [the truth], shivam [the God], sundaram [the beautiful].
I can assure you, public service is a stimulating, proud and lively enterprise. It is not just a way of life, it is a way to live fully.
Nothing is more revealing than movement.
Guard well your spare moments. They are like uncut diamonds. Discard them and their value will never be known. Improve them and they will become the brightest gems in a useful life.
I firmly believe, notwithstanding all our complaints, that almost every person upon earth tastes upon the totality more happiness than misery.
We aim above the mark to hit the mark.
Wars may be fought with weapons, but they are won by men. It is the spirit of men who follow and of the man who leads that gains the victory.
The one word that makes a good manager -- decisiveness.
Sleep is the sister of death and the dwellers of heaven will not sleep
Every encounter is an opportunity. If we always do what weve always done, well always get what weve always got. Life is all about change.
The truth is that all men having power ought to be mistrusted.
We conclude that in the field of public education the doctrine of separate but equal has no place.
Be silent or let thy words be worth more than silence. 
Wisdom is nothing more than healed pain.
The best way to destroy an enemy is to make him a friend.
If you have never seen beauty in a moment of suffering, you have never seen beauty at all. If you have never seen joy in a beautiful face, you have never seen joy at all.
First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak.
What is the quality of your intent?
Try not to become a man of success, but rather a man of value.
Accept the past, manage the present and work hard towards the future.
Eroticism is assenting to life even in death.
Youth is a blunder; Manhood a struggle, Old Age a regret.
Our cultural diversity has most certainly shaped our national character.
Where id was, there shall ego be.
Sometimes you have to know when to stop hoping.
The world is not comprehensible, but it is embraceable: through the embracing of one of its beings.
If women are expected to do the same work as men, we must teach them the same things.
Absolute silence leads to sadness. It is the image of death.
Speak roughly to your little boy, and beat him when he sneezes: he only does it to annoy, because he knows it teases.
The test of the morality of a society is what it does for its children.
I went to the local schools, the local state primary school, and then to the local grammar school. A secondary school, which technically was an independent school, it was not part of the state educational system.
A good boss makes his men realize they have more ability than they think they have so that they consistently do better work than they thought they could.
An idea that is not dangerous is unworthy of being called an idea at all.
Kindly words do not enter so deeply into men as a reputation for kindness.
Like the measles, love is most dangerous when it comes late in life.
I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.
Patience and shuffle the cards.
Full form of study - S-T-U-D-Y = [S]inging, [T]weeting, [U]nlimited Texting, [D]reaming, [Y]awning.
Sometimes, being quiet is the best weapon you have
The only escape from the miseries of life are music and cats...
One measure of your success will be the degree to which you build up others who work with you. While building up others, you will build up yourself.
What does love look like? It has the hands to help others. It has the feet to hasten to the poor and needy. It has eyes to see misery and want. It has the ears to hear the sighs and sorrows of men. That is what love looks like.
The crusade against Communism was even more imaginary than the specter of Communism.
Without music life would be a blank to me. 
Put a stout heart to a steep hill.
Neither a wise man nor a brave man lies down on the tracks of history to wait for the train of the future to run over him.
Error: status unavailable
Bodybuilding is much like any other sport. To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, diet and mental approach.
You see a persons true colors when you are no longer beneficial to their life.
Blue is song, Yellow is music, Green is dance, Red is beauty, White is love & Pink is for joy. I wish you all these on Holi. HAPPY HOLI
The man who listens to Reason is lost. Reason enslaves all whose minds are not strong enough to master her.
Bravery is the capacity to perform properly even when scared half to death.
Canada has never been a melting pot; more like a tossed salad.
Use your weaknesses; aspire to the strength.
Why do we kill people who are killing people to show that killing people is wrong?
Crazy people love crazy people cuz normal people dont understand..
The time for action is now. It\'s never too late to do something.
If you have haters, you must be doing something right. Dont HATE the HATERS, Love them. Their just Making you famous.
One may smile, and smile, and be a villain. Hamlet
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and man.
Beauty catches the attention but character catches the heart..
Of course we have to address the deficit if we win.
Its not the tears that measure the pain. Sometimes, its the smile we fake just to show others we are okay
Books worth reading once are worth reading twice; and what is most important of all, the masterpieces of literature are worth reading a thousand times.
He who is cruel to animals becomes hard also in his dealings with men. We can judge the heart of a man by his treatment of animals.
A book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us.
The young leading the young, is like the blind leading the blind; they will both fall into the ditch.
Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face.
The decisions you make today can affect your way of life tomorrow, always think carefully before making any big decisions.
Nature holds the key to our aesthetic, intellectual, cognitive and even spiritual satisfaction.
My reading of history convinces me that most bad government results from too much government.
It is more difficult to organize peace than to win a war; but the fruits of victory will be lost if the peace is not well organized.
Historically, the claim of consensus has been the first refuge of scoundrels; it is a way to avoid debate by claiming that the matter is already settled.
The Past -- the dark unfathomed retrospect! The teeming gulf --the sleepers and the shadows! The past! the infinite greatness of the past! For what is the present after all but a growth out of the past?
We are asleep until we fall in love.
Some books leave us free and some books make us free.
I throw it all in there, Kung Fu, blaxploitation, horror.
Eloquent speech is not from lip to ear, but rather from heart to heart.
No man is an island. No man stands alone.
The pen is mightier than the sword, but no match for the accountant.
The real fault is to have faults and not amend them.
Adversity is like a strong wind. It tears away from us all but the things that cannot be torn, so that we see ourselves as we really are.
Why not whip the teacher when the pupil misbehaves?
Put a grain of boldness in everything you do.
Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending.
Suffering becomes beautiful when anyone bears great calamities with cheerfulness, not through insensibility but through greatness of mind.
I don\'t hate women - they just sometimes make me mad.
Closeness has nothing to do with distance.
I am the daughter of the Chairman of the Board and thus, was raised with great music.
Meticulous planning will enable everything a man does to appear spontaneous.
A man is judged by the company he keeps, and a company is judged by the men it keeps, and the people of Democratic nations are judged by the type and caliber of officers they elect.
People never change. They just become more of who they really are
Money makes a good servant, but a bad master.
Life is a progress, and not a station.
God is cruel. Sometimes he makes you live.
A Heart Dies, When Its Not Able To Share Its Feelings But A Heart Kills It Self When Another Heart Does Not Understand Its Feeling!!?
In feature films the director is God; in documentary films God is the director.
Women hold up half the sky.
Hard work keeps the wrinkles out of the mind and spirit.
So much of our future lies in preserving our past.
Experience hath shown that even under the best forms of government those entrusted with power have in time and by slow operations perverted it into tyranny. 
Men in rage strike those that wish them best.
Music is the movement of sound to reach the soul for the education of its virtue.
Clearly a big challenge for Christianity is how to remain in contact with the millions of people who look for God but do not come to Church.
If you have to put someone on a pedestal, put teachers. They are society\'s heroes.
There are worse crimes than burning books. One of them is not reading them.
Most of the geniuses have a record of being isolated from the masses—Because great ideas comes only when you’re alone. Same as revelation to the prophets.
Life was a lot simpler when what we honored was father and mother rather than all major credit cards.
Dont wish for it, work for it.
Never let a fool kiss you, or a kiss fool you.
Every single thing that has ever happened in your life is preparing you for a moment that is yet to come.
V-J Day, or Victory in Japan Day, marks the date of the Japanese surrender that ended fighting in the Pacific.
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.
The difference between a Republican and a Democrat is the Democrat is a cannibal they have to live off each other, while the Republicans, why, they live off the Democrats.
But he that hides a dark soul and foul thoughts benighted walks under the mid-day sun; Himself is his own dungeon.
Justice without force is powerless; force without justice is tyrannical.
Originality is simply a pair of fresh eyes.
When God throws the dice are loaded.
If we have the courage and tenacity of our forebears, who stood firmly like a rock against the lash of slavery, we shall find a way to do for our day what they did for theirs.
Few can be induced to labor exclusively for posterity. Posterity has done nothing for us.
Unbroken happiness is a bore: It should have ups and downs.
You don\'t lead by hitting people over the head - that\'s assault, not leadership.
A mind that is fast is sick. A mind that is slow is sound. A mind that is still is divine.
Let silence take you to the core of life.
Through tattered clothes, small vices do appear. Robes and furred gowns hide all.
I would rather excel others in the knowledge of what is excellent than in the extent of my powers and dominion.
What in me is dark  Illumine, what is low raise and support,  That to the height of this great argument  I may assert eternal Providence,  And justify the ways of God to men. 1            Paradise Lost. Book i. Line 22.
A horse may stumble, though he has four feet.
Abuse is abuse;;; Be nice.. Harsh words dont break bones but they often break hearts
An ungrateful man is like a hog under a tree eating acorns, but never looking up to see where they come from.
We sleep safe in our beds because rough men stand ready in the night to visit violence on those who would do us harm.
A multiple personality is in a certain sense normal.
I hate it when my friends change just because that meet new people.
Give me a fruitful error anytime, full of seeds, bursting with its own corrections.
It was frightening because it was the first time I had gotten a sense of how serious the problem was. It became clear from his notes that he felt the president himself was involved.
Tell me who your friends are and I will tell you who you are.
I taught you everything you know but not everything I KNOW.
There are two powers in the world; one is the sword and the other is the pen. There is a great competition and rivalry between the two. There is a third power stronger than both, that of the women.
The world is a scary place but somehow in your arms, it doesnt feel so bad.
The cowards never started -- and the weak died along the way.
We declare our right on this earth...to be a human being, to be respected as a human being, to be given the rights of a human being in this society, on this earth, in this day, which we intend to bring into existence by any means necessary.
If in thirst you drink water from a cup, you see God in it. Those who are not in love with God will see only their own faces in it.
To succeed in business it is necessary to make others see things as you see them.
The rule of law should be upheld by all political parties. They should neither advise others to break the law, nor encourage others to do so even when they strongly disagree with the legislation put forward by the government of the day.
A single twig breaks, but the bundle of twigs is strong.
The dice of Zeus always fall luckily.
Having class is having the ability to walk away from a bad situation with a smile on your face and a forgiveness in your heart
A great civilization is not conquered from without until it has destroyed itself from within.
I just want you to know that, when we talk about war, we\'re really talking about peace.
There were many times my pants were so thin I could sit on a dime and tell if it was heads or tails.
Some?people are dead but their character kept them alive, while others are alive but their character killed them.
The trouble with telling a good story is that it invariably reminds the other fellow of a dull one.
The only thing that saves us from the bureaucracy is inefficiency. An efficient bureaucracy is the greatest threat to liberty.
Virtuous people often revenge themselves for the constraints to which they submit by the boredom which they inspire.
The most disadvantageous peace is better than the most just war.
Mankind has grown strong in eternal struggles and it will only perish through eternal peace.
I love buying new things but I hate spending money.
History is made by those who BREAK THE RULES.
A good teacher is like a candle, it consumes itself to light the way for others.
You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success - or are they holding you back?
After all, the chief business of the American people is business. They are profoundly concerned with producing, buying, selling, investing and prospering in the world.
There is no female Mozart because there is no female Jack the Ripper.
The greatest wealth is to live content with little, for there is never want where the mind is satisfied.
Unfettered capitalism is a revolutionary force that consumes greater and greater numbers of human lives until it finally consumes itself. 
People in Afghanistan want peace, including the Taliban. They\'re also people like we all are. They have families, they have relatives, they have children, they are suffering a tough time.
If you want something done, ask a busy person to do it. The more things you do, the more you can do.
May you live all the days of your life.
Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records.
The follies of youth become the vices of manhood and the disgrace of old age.
The comfort of the rich depends upon an abundant supply of the poor. 
When you see something that is technically sweet, you go ahead and do it and you argue about what to do about it only after you have had your technical success. That is the way it was with the atomic bomb.
Obsession is the single most wasteful human activity, because with an obsession you keep coming back and back and back to the same question and never get an answer.
Many a man in love with a dimple makes the mistake of marrying the whole girl.
We need a common enemy to unite us.
You are only young once, and if you work it right, once is enough.
Unless a serpent devour a serpent it will not become a dragon. Unless one power absorb another, it will not become great.
Cowards are cruel, but the brave Love mercy, and delight to save.
There can be no tyrants where there are no slaves.
Education comes from within you get it by struggle and effort and thought.
It\'s no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.
The strong man is the one who is able to intercept at will the communication between the senses and the mind.
Wearing a turtleneck is like being strangled by a really weak guy, all day. Wearing a backpack and a turtleneck is like a weak midget trying to bring you down.
But evil is wrought by want of thought as well as want of heart!
Rain is grace; rain is the sky condescending to the earth; without rain, there would be no life.
You live by the gun and knife, and die by the gun and knife.
Losers live in the past. Winners learn from the past and enjoy working in the present toward the future.
Crushes are more beautiful than affairs because there is no responsibility, no worry, no commitment. Just look at your crush and smile like an idiot.
When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you.
To copy others is necessary, but to copy oneself is pathetic.
The printing press is the greatest weapon in the armoury of the modern commander.
When god made u he was having a good day! coz ur so special , so kindhearted , that its difficult 2 tell in words ... happy b irthday
The Mystic Bond of Brotherhood makes all men one.
Jealousy is the jaundice of the soul.
The great cities rest upon our broad and fertile prairies. Burn down your cities and leave our farms, and your cities will spring up again as if by magic; but destroy our farms, and grass will grow in the streets of every city in the country.
Respect for ones parents is the highest duty of civil life.
Make visible what, without you, might perhaps never have been seen.
Only the actions of the just smell sweet and blossom in the dust.
Large legislative bodies resolve themselves into coteries, and coteries into jealousies.
Illusion is needed to disguise the emptiness within.
We should all start to live before we get too old. Fear is stupid. So are regrets.
The greatness of America lies not in being more enlightened than any other nation, but rather in her ability to repair her faults.
Brain cells create ideas. Stress kills brain cells. Stress is not a good idea.
I would like nuclear fusion to become a practical power source. It would provide an inexhaustible supply of energy, without pollution or global warming.
Negroes - Sweet and docile, Meek, humble, and kind: Beware the day - They change their mind.
Among my most prized possessions are words that I have never spoken.
kau mata, aku airmatamu...
All in all, punishment hardens and renders people more insensible; it concentrates; it increases the feeling of estrangement; it strengthens the power of resistance.
Why should we honor those that die upon the field of battle? A man may show as reckless a courage in entering into the abyss of himself.
Morality is only moral when it is voluntary.
We at the Department of Education are going to provide technical assistance; I\'ve committed $14 million to show states how they might meet this more sophisticated approach.
As soon as government management begins it upsets the natural equilibrium of industrial relations, and each interference only requires further bureaucratic control until the end is the tyranny of the totalitarian state.
I would as soon leave my son a curse as the almighty dollar.
Happiness is having a scratch for every itch.
Investing should be more like watching paint dry or watching grass grow. If you want excitement, take $800 and go to Las Vegas.
Every form of addiction is bad, no matter whether the narcotic be alcohol or morphine or idealism.
I wanted to be a doctor in sports medicine; I was into sailing and all that sort of thing.
I reject your reality and substitute my own.
Aging is not lost youth but a new stage of opportunity and strength.
Stubborness we deprecate,Firmness we condone,The former is our neighbors trait,The latter is our own.
Appearances are a glimpse of the unseen.
A man surprised is half beaten.
You have your ideology and I have mine.
I hate the moment when suddenly my anger turns into tears..
All great ideas are controversial, or have been at one time.
I shall allow no man to belittle my soul by making me hate him.
Every noble work is at first impossible.
History is an account, mostly false, of events, mostly unimportant, which are brought about by rulers, mostly knaves, and soldiers, mostly fools.
Life is a puzzle - solve it!
If crocodiles eat their own eggs, what would they do to the flesh of a frog?
Existence really is an imperfect tense that never becomes a present.
A priest is he who lives solely in the realm of the invisible, for whom all that is visible has only the truth of an allegory.
Love is whatever you can still betray. Betrayal can only happen if you love.
Inches make champions.
After I am dead, the boy will ruin himself in twelve months.
Always remember, money isn\'t everything - but also remember to make a lot of it before talking such fool nonsense.
However big the fool, there is always a bigger fool to admire him.
Money doesn\'t buy class.
Every normal person, in fact, is only normal on the average. His ego approximates to that of the psychotic in some part or other and to a greater or lesser extent.
We are not even close to finishing the basic dream of what the PC can be.
Rather let the crime of the guilty go unpunished than condemn the innocent.
Soap and water and common sense are the best disinfectants.
If water derives lucidity from stillness, how much more the faculties of the mind! The mind of the sage, being in repose, becomes the mirror of the universe, the speculum of all creation.
never before have we had so little time in which to do so much.
My day is not complete without hearing your voice or getting a text from you.
When you see my head tilt to the side and I start to stare into space. I would run. The voices inside my head just gave me a brilliant idea. Be very afraid!
Consumption is the sole end and purpose of all production, and the interest of the producer ought to be attended to, only so far as it may be necessary for promoting that of the consumer.
An inefficient virus kills its host. A clever virus stays with it.
Knowledge is the small part of ignorance that we arrange and classify.
When the will is ready the feet are light.
A tomb now suffices him for whom the whole world was not sufficient.
Thinking of you with love on your birthday and wishing you everything that brings you happiness today and always.
Education is the transmission of civilization.
Accept who you are; and revel in it.
I believe in human dignity as the source of national purpose, human liberty as the source of national action, the human heart as the source of national compassion, and in the human mind as the source of our invention and our ideas.
A thing of beauty is a joy for ever: Its loveliness increases; it will never pass into nothingness; but still will keep a bower quiet for us, and a sleep full of sweet dreams, and health, and quiet breathing...
Morality is the basis of things and truth is the substance of all morality.
Frugality includes all the other virtues.
They say men are molded out of faults, and for the most, become much more the better; for being a little bad. Measure For Measure
The slower you go, the farther you will be.
Music doesn\'t lie. If there is something to be changed in this world, then it can only happen through music.
There is no higher religion than human service. To work for the common good is the greatest creed.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
Protest beyond the law is not a departure from democracy; it is absolutely essential to it.
Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind.
Two souls and one thought, two hearts and one pulse.
No one can hurt you without your consent.
Nature teaches more than she preaches. There are no sermons in stones. It is easier to get a spark out of a stone than a moral.
Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice. And moderation in the pursuit of justice is no virtue.
It is better to be silent, and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
Education is a human right with immense power to transform. On its foundation rest the cornerstones of freedom, democracy and sustainable human development.
Leisure is the mother of philosophy.
This is the lesson: Never give in ... never, never, never, never ... in nothing, great or small, large or petty-never give in except to convictions of honor or good taste.
The non-specific response of the body to any demand for change.
Making money is a hobby that will complement any other hobbies you have, beautifully.
Clothes mean nothing until someone lives in them.
The weakest among us has a gift, however seemingly trivial, which is peculiar to him and which worthily used will be a gift also to his race.
Nature, by its very nature, is very brutal and unequal. However, Man has somehow managed to transform the nature of its brutality and inequality.
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.
Do not linger to gather flowers to keep them, but walk on, for flowers will keep themselves blooming all your way.
Patience is the virtue of an ass, who treads beneath his burden and complains not.
Anyone can become angry - that is easy. But to be angry with the right person, to the right degree, at the right time, for the right purpose, and in the right way; this is not easy.
Every rascal is not a thief, but every thief is a rascal.
Suspense is worse than disappointment.
Talent is a long patience, and originality an effort of will and intense observation.
We live in a disposable society. It\'s easier to throw things out than to fix them. We even give it a name - we call it recycling.
Never bring the problem solving stage into the decision making stage. Otherwise, you surrender yourself to the problem rather than the solution.
Ketika kau masih bertemu pagi  dan putuskan diri untuk berdiri menghadapi  berjuang dengan hati di jalan Illahi  maka saat itu  kau telah mengakhiri hari  dengan satu lagi kemenangan sejati
Character is that which reveals moral purpose, exposing the class of things a man chooses or avoids.
A half-read book is a half-finished love affair.
Time stands still for nobody. Live each moment and enjoy it because when its passed you cant get it back.
Congress first took action against steroids by passing The Anabolic Steroids Control Act of 1990.
Energy consumption matters both to our environment and our economy.
When you carry out acts of kindness you get a wonderful feeling inside. It is as though something inside your body responds and says, yes, this is how I ought to feel.
He who attacks must vanquish. He who defends must merely survive.
The death of one man is a tragedy. The death of millions is a statistic.
The past is the only dead thing that smells sweet.
Without fear there cannot be courage. 
I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime.
Socialism means slavery.
Industrialization based on machinery, already referred to as a characteristic of our age, is but one aspect of the revolution that is being wrought by technology.
On ne naît pas femme: on le devient.
I change during the course of a day. I wake and I\'m one person, and when I go to sleep I know for certain I\'m somebody else.
I look upon all creatures equally; none are less dear to me and none more dear. But those who worship me with love live in me, and I come to life in them.
Words mean more than what is set down on paper. It takes the human voice to infuse them with deeper meaning.
The man who is ostentatious of his modesty is twin to the statue that wears a fig-leaf.
Cure the disease and kill the patient.
Can you imagine young people nowadays making a study of trigonometry for the fun of it? Well I did.
The devil is our spiritual police man. Unless you wish to do good, then you will be saved from getting a ticket or going to court.
Only enemies speak the truth; friends and lovers lie endlessly, caught in the web of duty.
God and Nature first made us what we are, and then out of our own created genius we make ourselves what we want to be. Follow always that great law. Let the sky and God be our limit and Eternity our measurement.
Trust is the first step to love.
Find out how much God has given you and from it take what you need; the remainder is needed by others.
Every child comes with the message that God is not yet discouraged of man.
No man will work for your interests unless they are his.
If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads.
Buy what thou hast no need of and ere long thou shalt sell thy necessities.
My wife and I always compromise. I admit I am wrong and she agrees with me :)
For every ailment under the sun, There is a remedy, or there is none, If there be one, try to find it; If there be none, never mind it.
Pride is the master sin of the devil, and the devil is the father of lies.
Americans are so enamored of equality that they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom.
I feel most comfortable keeping versatile when it comes to music genres.
I am very proud of my name. My full name is Richard Treat Williams.
Let us be thankful for the fools; but for them the rest of us could not succeed.
Whether a glass is half full or half empty depends on the attitude of the person looking at it.
Ah, happiness courts the light so we deem the world is gay. But misery hides aloof so we deem that misery there is none.
Change happens in the boiler room of our emotions... so find out how to light their fires.
The finest eloquence is that which gets things done; the worst is that which delays them.
Surgeons must be very careful. When they take the knife!,Underneath their fine incisions, stirs the Culprit - Life!
Whence come I and whither go I? That is the great unfathomable question, the same for every one of us. Science has no answer to it.
People are the creators of prosperity. Without human ingenuity and innovation, we would still be living in caves and have a life expectancy of 25 years. More people--in an environment of freedom and free markets--means more prosperity.
I never hurt nobody but myself and that\'s nobody\'s business but my own.
Monkeys are superior to men in this: when a monkey looks into a mirror, he sees a monkey.
It is no use walking anywhere to preach unless our walking is our preaching.
The middle class is so funny, it\'s the class I know best, and it\'s the class where you find the most pretension, so that\'s what makes the middle classes so funny.
First impressions are the most lasting.
I know you are here to kill me. Shoot, coward, you are only going to kill a man.
Impossible only means that you havent found the solution yet.
If you die you\'re completely happy and your soul somewhere lives on. I\'m not afraid of dying. Total peace after death, becoming someone else is the best hope I\'ve got.
Don\'t find fault, find a remedy.
Nothing is to be preferred before justice.
Egotism is usually subversive of sagacity.
He used statistics as a drunken man uses lampposts; for support rather than illumination.
A liberated woman is one who has sex before marriage and a job after.
Like a man who has been dying for many days a man in your city is numb to the stench. 
I want to be alone.
No two people on earth are alike, and it\'s got to be that way in music or it isn\'t music.
Islam expect every Muslim to do this duty, and if we realise our responsibility time will come soon when we shall justify ourselves worthy of a glorious past.
This is the very perfection of a man, to find out his own imperfections.
While seeking revenge, dig two graves -- one for yourself.
Perplexity is the beginning of knowledge.
The Internet is so big, so powerful and pointless that for some people it is a complete substitute for life.
The killing of innocent people is always wrong.
People with good memories seldom remember anything worth remembering.
A clear rejection is always better than a fake promise.
I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times.
It is always nice to be generous. Be careful though, some people mistake generosity for dependency.
Energy conservation is the foundation of energy independence.
Every city is always changing, on its own trajectory.
If the wife sins, the husband is not innocent.
The hardest thing to see is what is in front of your eyes.
But the point is to get a whole new generation of people and people in general more re-engaged in news, and this has happened a lot since September 11th of course.
The liberties of our country, the freedom of our civil constitution, are worth defending against all hazards: And it is our duty to defend them against all attacks.
I am very happy  Because I have conquered myself  And not the world.  I am very happy  Because I have loved the world  And not myself.
Kindness is a language the dumb can speak and the deaf can hear and understand.
I am proud to be an American Citizen.
You cannot make a revolution in white gloves.
Women may fall when there\'s no strength in men.
Children love and want to be loved and they very much prefer the joy of accomplishment to the triumph of hateful failure. Do not mistake a child for his symptom.
The bedrock of our democracy is the rule of law and that means we have to have an independent judiciary, judges who can make decisions independent of the political winds that are blowing.
Stay original and true to yourself  because you can only give the best of you when you are you and not someone else.
The novel is more of a whisper, whereas the stage is a shout.
Dont strive to make your presence noticed, but to make your absence felt.
What a man can be, he must be. This need we call self-actualization.
Feminism is the radical notion that women are human beings.
Necessity never made a good bargain.
Victory has a thousand fathers, but defeat is an orphan.
Im in my bed, you are in yours. One of us is obviously in the wrong place.
A generation which ignores history has no past and no future.
Our wills and fates do so contrary run, that our devices still are overthrown; our thoughts are ours, their ends none of our own.
That which we call character is a reserved force which acts directly by presence, and without means. It is conceived of as a certain undemonstrable force, a familiar or genius, by whose impulses the man is guided, but whose counsels he cannot impart.
Enlighten the people generally, and tyranny and opressions of the body and mind will vanish like evil spirits at the dawn of day.
The soldier is the Army. No army is better than its soldiers. The Soldier is also a citizen. In fact the highest obligation and privilege of citizenship is that of bearing arms for ones country 
For all your days be prepared, and meet them ever alike. When you are the anvil, bear - when you are the hammer, strike.
It is the only sensual pleasure without vice.
It has been my observation that parents kill more dreams than anybody.
Diagnosis is not the end, but the beginning of practice.
Don\'t taunt the alligator until after you\'ve crossed the creek.
Everything is theoretically impossible, until it is done.
The man with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds.
Just play. Have fun. Enjoy the game.
Elves seldom give unguarded advice, for advice is a dangerous gift, even from the wise to the wise, and all courses may run ill. But what would you? You have not told me all concerning yourself; and how then shall I choose better than you?
Silence is the unbearable repartee.
A dream without ambition is like a car without gas... you\'re not going anywhere.
One chance is all you need.
Ill hide my broken heart beneath a laughing face and though youll think I never cared, no one can take your place.
Of course, the EU is not going to fall apart, but at best it will stagnate for the foreseeable future and we will be dealing with quite a lot of internal chaos.
A lie cannot live.
Sometimes you have to get knocked down lower than youve ever been, to stand up taller than you than you ever were.
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.
Act so that the maxim of your act could be made the principle of a universal law.
Somebody should tell us, right at the start of our lives, that we are dying. Then we might live life to the limit, every minute of every day. Do it! I say. Whatever you want to do, do it now! There are only so many tomorrows.
It is legal because I wish it.
We are like chameleons, we take our hue and the color of our moral character, from those who are around us.
In this age, which believes that there is a shortcut to everything, the greatest lesson to be learned is that the most difficult way is, in the long run, the easiest.
Life is thickly sown with thorns, and I know no other remedy than to pass quickly through them. The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.
If a drop of water falls in lake there is no identity.But if it falls on a leaf of lotus it shine like a pearl. Choose the best place where you would shine.
The commander in the field is always right and the rear echelon is wrong, unless proved otherwise.
We must interpret a bad temper as a sign of inferiority.
Is it too early to be looking forward to Friday?
He that has eyes to see and ears to hear may convince himself that no mortal can keep a secret. If his lips are silent, he chatters with his fingertips; betrayal oozes out of him at every pore.
Life is hard. After all, it kills you.
Censorship is to art as lynching is to justice.
A life of success and achievement is a direct result of utilizing the power of positive thinking.
History repeats itself, first as tragedy, second as farce.
Whoever controls the volume of money in any country is absolute master of all industry and commerce.
The courage in journalism is sticking up for the unpopular, not the popular.
Technology offers us a unique opportunity though rarely welcome to practice patience. 
Whatever is done for love always occurs beyond good and evil.
The price of progress is trouble.
Skepticism is the chastity of the intellect.
Flowers are restful to look at. They have neither emotions nor conflicts.
The system of domination is founded on depriving nations of their true identity. It seeks to deprive nations of their culture, identity, self-confidence and in this way dominate them.
Dont say we are not right for each other. The way I see it, we are not right for anybody else.
Never judge a book by its cover, or even after you have only read a few chapters, you should never voice an opinion until you know the entire story.
History is nothing but a pack of tricks that we play upon the dead.
Happiness is unrepentant pleasure.
All I have seen teaches me to trust the creator for all I have not seen.
A drunkard in the gutter is just where he ought to be, according to the fitness and tendency of things. Nature has set upon him the process of decline and dissolution by which she removes things which have survived their usefulness.
Friends are thieves of time.
When I look back, I am so impressed again with the life-giving power of literature. If I were a young person today, trying to gain a sense of myself in the world, I would do that again by reading, just as I did when I was young.
To know that we know what we know, and to know that we do not know what we do not know, that is true knowledge.
An accident is an inevitable occurrence due to the actions of immutable natural laws.
Society exists for the benefit of its members, not the members for the benefit of society.
Best Relationship: Talk like best friends, play like children, argue like husband & wife, protect each other like brother and sister.
Sometimes second chance work out better than the first bcoz you already learned from your mistakes.
A man who views the world the same at fifty as he did at twenty has wasted thirty years of his life.
One pleasure attached to growing older is that many things seem to be growing younger; growing fresher and more lively than we once supposed them to be.
All truth is one. In this light, may science and religion endeavor here for the steady evolution of mankind, from darkness to light, from narrowness to broad-mindedness, from prejudice to tolerance. It is the voice of life, which calls us to come and learn.
The thought that I might kill myself formed in my mind coolly as a tree or a flower. 
A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends.
when you ignore someone who ignores you, it upsets them because youre ignoring them ignoring you.
Whenever I watch TV and see those poor starving kids all over the world, I can\'t help but cry. I mean I\'d love to be skinny like that, but not with all those flies and death and stuff.
Newborn screening is a public health intervention that involves a simple blood test used to identify many life-threatening genetic illnesses before any symptoms begin.
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
I pefer an ugly truth to a pretty lie. If someone is telling me the truth that is when I will give my heart.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
Fight it or accept it. Fear it or control it.
A generation which ignores history has no past-and no future.
A proud man is seldom a grateful man, for he never thinks he gets as much as he deserves.
It is better to be envied than to be pitied.
To be Irish is to know that in the end the world will break your heart.
Laws should be like clothes. They should be made to fit the people they are meant to serve.
It is not light that we need, but fire; it is not the gentle shower, but thunder. We need the storm, the whirlwind, and the earthquake.
Arbitrary power is most easily established on the ruins of liberty abused to licentiousness.
...the moral test of government is how that government treats those who are in the dawn of life, the children; those who are in the twilight of life, the elderly; those who are in the shadows of life; the sick, the needy and the handicapped.
He who makes no mistakes never makes anything.
The enemies of freedom do not argue; they shout and they shoot.
Whoso would be a man must be a nonconformist.
The human heart has hidden treasures, In secret kept, in silence sealed; The thoughts, the hopes, the dreams, the pleasures, Whose charms were broken if revealed.
Women are as fickle as April weather.
When you care about someone, youll do whatever you can to make them happy.
My life has been full of terrible misfortunes most of which never happened.
I\'m at a point in my life where I have something solid now. I\'m a peaceful person, and I want to be surrounded by peace no matter what I\'m doing.
The beginning of a habit is like an invisible thread, but every time we repeat the act we strengthen the strand, add to it another filament, until it becomes a great cable and binds us irrevocably thought and act.
I looked for great men, but all I found were the apes of their ideals.
Your intellect may be confused, but your emotions will never lie to you.
For nothing can seem foul to those that win.
Mankind is divided into rich and poor, into property owners and exploited; and to abstract oneself from this fundamental division; and from the antagonism between poor and rich means abstracting oneself from fundamental facts.
Swift instinct leaps; slow reason feebly climbs.
To every problem there is already a solution whether you know it or not.
His ambition is to be the spider in the World Wide Web.
I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant, and kindness from the unkind; yet strange, I am ungrateful to these teachers.
The bird who has eaten cannot fly with the bird that is hungry.
If there were no bad people, there would be no good lawyers.
Science is always wrong, it never solves a problem without creating ten more.
Be thrifty, but not covetous.
He who conquers himself is the mightiest warrior.
Research is formalized curiosity. It is poking and prying with a purpose.
One of the great disadvantages of hurry is that it takes such a long time.
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won\'t taste good.
Never tell the truth to people who are not worthy of it.
A child is a beam of sunlight from the Infinite and Eternal, with possibilities of virtue and vice- but as yet unstained.
The fate of our times is characterized by rationalization and intellectualization and, above all, by the disenchantment of the world.
The question Who ought to be boss? is like asking Who ought to be the tenor in the quartet? Obviously, the man who can sing tenor.
Questions are never indiscreet, answers sometimes are.
There is no better than adversity. Every defeat, every heartbreak, every loss, contains its own seed, its own lesson on how to improve your performance the next time.
It is not what he has, or even what he does which expresses the worth of a man, but what he is.
The hero is one who kindles a great light in the world, who sets up blazing torches in the dark streets of life for men to see by.
Love is a policy, without terms and conditions.
Reputation, reputation, reputation! O, I ha lost my reputation, I ha lost the immortal part of myself, and what remains is bestial!
Eastward I go only by force; but westward I go free.
Where words are restrained, the eyes often talk a great deal.
A democracy is nothing more than mob rule, where fifty-one percent of the people may take away the rights of the other forty-nine.
The impossible is often the untried.
Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking.
Usually relationships end when people get tired of pretending to be the person their partner likes. :)
Nudity is natural but not until a person accepts and loves who they are.
Life is denied by lack of attention, whether it be to cleaning windows or trying to write a masterpiece.
The door to success is the one marked PUSH.
I was going to get the Carolyn Bessette story out of her one way or another.
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
Where there is no property there is no injustice.
Tell that person you love them. Life is way too short to keep everything to yourself because one day youre going to wake up and wonder, what if..
I am the greatest. Not only do I knock em out, I pick the round!
The damage done in one year can sometimes take ten or twenty years to repair.
An honest man can never surrender an honest doubt.
She Eleanor Roosevelt got even in a way that was almost cruel. She forgave them.
The true index of a man\'s character is the health of his wife.
Hatred can be overcome only by love.
Not believing in force is the same as not believing in gravitation.
Slowness to change usually means fear of the new.
Every man is born as many men and dies as a single one.
The best weapon against an enemy is another enemy.
No man ever followed his genius until it misled him.
Music is the literature of the heart it commences where speech ends. 
Observe which side resorts to the most vociferous name-calling and you are likely to have identified the side with the weaker argument and they know it.
The hardest decisions in life are not between good and bad or right and wrong, but between two goods or two rights.
Save a thief from the gallows and he will cut your throat.
Mere colour, unspoiled by meaning, and unallied with definite form, can speak to the soul in a thousand different ways.
If I keep a green bough in my heart, the singing bird will come.
There can be no high civility without a deep morality.
The future starts today, not tomorrow.
Who is a wise man? He who learns of all men.
Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it.
In ancient times cats were worshipped as gods; they have not forgotten this.
Since he is of no use anymore, there is no gain if he lives and no loss if he dies.
In poverty and other misfortunes of life, true friends are a sure refuge. The young they keep out of mischief; to the old they are a comfort and aid in their weakness, and those in the prime of life they incite to noble deeds.
The moment you are ready to quit is usually the moment right before a miracle happens. Dont give up.
My favorite things in life don\'t cost any money. It\'s really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time.
Individually, we are one drop. Together, we are an ocean.
Dear Mario..I Wasted My Childhood Trying To Save Your Girlfriend.Now, you help me to save mine.
If thou shouldst never see my face again,Pray for my soul. More things are wrought by prayerThan this world dreams of.
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
The problems that exist in the world today cannot be solved by the level of thinking that created them.
The heart of the giver makes the gift dear and precious.
Blessed are the forgetful: for they get the better even of their blunders.
As to the question of elected or not elected, each member of the European Commission has been appointed jointly by the governments of the 15 member states, and undergone individual scrutiny and a vote of confidence from the European Parliament.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority.
Death was afraid of him because he had the heart of a lion.
Revenge only engenders violence, not clarity and true peace. I think liberation must come from within.
America is another name for opportunity.
A moment of patience in a moment of anger saves a thousand moments of regret.
Wicked thoughts and worthless efforts gradually set their mark on the face, especially the eyes.
Amongst democratic nations, each generation is a new people.
The best date is to be with someone who can take you anywhere without touching anything but only your heart.
Fame is a vapor, popularity an accident, riches take wings. Only one thing endures, and that is character.
Sometimes best thing to say is nothing. Some people are not even worth your words.
Music is 10% exhilaration and 90% utter disappointment.
Get the habit of analysis - analysis will in time enable synthesis to become your habit of mind.
I May Not Be A Genie, But I Can Make Your Dreams Come True.
Relations are like electric currents. Wrong connection will give you shocks throughout your life but the right ones light up your life.
SMILE .. It irritates those who wish to destroy you.
You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.
It is the logic of consumerism that undermines the values of loyalty and permanence and promotes a different set of values that is destructive of family life.
Being sober on a bus is, like, totally different than being drunk on a bus.
I thought I would keep the first name Susan and change the last name but I picked up this book and as I opened it the lead character in it was called Morgan Brittany.
There is no doubt that the real destroyer of the liberties of any people is he who spreads among them bounties, donations and largess.
Silence make the real conversations between friends. Not the saying, but the never needing to say that counts.
The bookful blockhead, ignorantly read With loads of learned lumber in his head.
sleep is such a luxury which i cant afford. 
The achievement of your goal is assured the moment you commit yourself to it.
Old age is just a record of one\'s whole life.
Nothing sparkly can stay. 
Love is the happiness of today, and promise of tomorrow, so this warm note comes to U, to say that you must live life with a heart full of love.
Happy is the man who finds a true friend, and far happier is he who finds that true friend in his wife.
The success combination in business is: Do what you do better... and: do more of what you do.
There is in every madman a misunderstood genius whose idea, shining in his head, frightened people, and for whom delirium was the only solution to the strangulation that life had prepared for him.
You know, I have found out in the course of a long public life that the things I did not say never hurt me.
There is one rule for the industrialist and that is: Make the best quality of goods possible at the lowest cost possible, paying the highest wages possible.
We have no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it.
I am your anointed Queen. I will never be by violence constrained to do anything. I thank God I am endued with such qualities that if I were turned out of the Realm in my petticoat I were able to live in any place in Christendom.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
I pity the man who wants a coat so cheap that the man or woman who produces the cloth will starve in the process.
To reminisce with my old friends, a chance to share some memories, and play our songs again.
The artists must be sacrificed to their art. Like the bees, they must put their lives into the sting they give.
Sometimes you think people are avoiding you, but theyre actually just giving you space.
Everywhere you look in science, the harder it becomes to understand the universe without God.
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
Dear God, Im not asking for anything today, I just want to say thank you.
What most men desire is a virgin who is a whore.
The two leading recipes for success are building a better mousetrap and finding a bigger loophole.
Ambition should be made of sterner stuff.
Test fast, fail fast, adjust fast.
By medicine life may be prolonged, yet death will seize the doctor too.
Still your mind in me, still yourself in me, and without a doubt you shall be united with me, Lord of Love, dwelling in your heart.
The sinews of war are infinite money.
The lyricism of marginality may find inspiration in the image of the outlaw, the great social nomad, who prowls on the confines of a docile, frightened order.
Despair is a narcotic. It lulls the mind into indifference.
Life is too short to spend time with people who suck the happiness out of you.
Logic and mathematics are nothing but specialised linguistic structures.
He who is not busy being born is busy dying.
Readers are plentiful: thinkers are rare.
Fervor is the weapon of choice of the impotent.
Man is a reasoning rather than a reasonable animal.
Caring is a powerful business advantage.
We pray the love of God enfolds you during your difficult times and he helps you heal with the passage of time.
We may love the wrong person, cry for the wrong person. but one thing is sure, mistakes help us find the right person.
Patriotism is voluntary. It is a feeling of loyalty and allegiance that is the result of knowledge and belief. A patriot shows their their patriotism through their actions, by their choice.
A gentleman is a man who can disagree without being disagreeable.
Sometimes no matter how much you want things to happen, all you can do is wait.
Sometimes we must get hurt in order to grow, we must fail in order to know, Sometimes our vision clears only after our eyes are washed away with tears
Call it a clan, call it a network, call it a tribe, call it a family: Whatever you call it, whoever you are, you need one.
The man who can drive himself further once the effort gets painful is the man who will win.
When you meet up with a disagreeable person, never allow yourself to be upset. Say to yourself,  if a dowdy like that can stand himself all his life, surely I can stand him for a few minutes.
Goodwill is the only asset that competition cannot undersell or destroy.
Hustlers of the world, there is one mark you cannot beat: the mark inside.
Photography can only represent the present. Once photographed, the subject becomes part of the past.
The soul is pure when it leaves the body and drags nothing bodily with it, by virtue of having no willing association with the body in life but avoiding it.......Practicing philosophy in the right way is a training to die easily.
When men are so busy making money that they have no time for anything else, then the day is not far off when they will have no money for anything else.
A day, an hour, of virtuous liberty is worth a whole eternity in bondage.
I played in the percussion section 4th grade through high school - snare and timpani mostly.
Time does not change us. It just unfolds us.
No witchcraft, no enemy action had silenced the rebirth of new life in this stricken world. The people had done it themselves.
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
Memory is the mother of all wisdom.
The atomic bomb certainly is the most powerful of all weapons, but it is conclusively powerful and effective only in the hands of the nation which controls the sky.
As one grows older, one becomes wiser and more foolish.
O solitude, where are the charms That sages have seen in thy face? Better dwell in the midst of alarms, Than reign in this horrible place.
Everyone talks about the weather, but no one does anything about it.
The surest foundation of a manufacturing concern is quality. After that, and a long way after, comes cost.
None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free.
No thief however skillful can rob one of knowledge and that is why knowledge is the best and safest treasure to acquire. 
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.
The future belongs to those who see possibilities before they become obvious.
At the time I was arrested I had no idea it would turn into this. It was just a day like any other day. The only thing that made it significant was that the masses of the people joined in.
God works wonders now and then: Behold! A lawyer and an honest man!
All fled—all done, so lift me on the pyre—  The Feast is over, and the lamps expire.
I like too many things and get all confused and hung-up running from one falling star to another till i drop. This is the night, what it does to you. I had nothing to offer anybody except my own confusion.
The only thing we have to fear on this planet is man.
Success is usually the culmination of controlling failure.
I believe in one thing only, the power of human will.
A poor relation is the most irrelevant thing in nature, a piece of impertinent correspondence, an odious approximation, a haunting conscience, a preposterous shadow, lengthening in the noon-tide of our prosperity. He is known by his knock.
If you want to be creative, stay in part a child, with the creativity and invention that characterizes children before they are deformed by adult society.
We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough.
The press should be not only a collective propagandist and a collective agitator, but also a collective organizer of the masses.
There are no mistakes, save one: the failure to learn from a mistake.
Faith, mighty faith, the promise sees, And looks to God alone; Laughs at impossibilities, And cries it shall be done.
Writing is like sex. First you do it for love, then you do it for your friends, and then you do it for money.
It does not take a majority to prevail... but rather an irate, tireless minority, keen on setting brushfires of freedom in the minds of men.
God is most glorified in us when we are most satisfied in Him
Be not the slave of your own past - plunge into the sublime seas, dive deep, and swim far, so you shall come back with new self-respect, with new power, and with an advanced experience that shall explain and overlook the old.
If I think with my dick, then I put your mouth on my brain.
He is your friend, your partner, your defender, your dog. You are his life, his love, his leader. He will be yours, faithful and true, to the last beat of his heart. You owe it to him to be worthy of such devotion.
Genuine tragedies in the world are not conflicts between right and wrong. They are conflicts between two rights.
I am lord of myself, accountable to none.
When life gives you every reason to be negative, think of all the reasons to be positive. Theres always someone who has it worse.
Never try to dominate the one who says sorry to you for their mistake because they understand, you are more important than their ego.
I am a greedy, selfish bastard. I want the fact that I existed to mean something.
I cannot love I. I can only love you
We should be the pro-legal immigration party. A party that has a positive platform and agenda on how we can create a legal immigration system that works for immigrants and works for America.
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.
If the only prayer you said was thank you, that would be enough.
Jesus died so young and yet he promised immortality to those who believe in his teachings.
Democracy not only requires equality but also an unshakable conviction in the value of each person, who is then equal.
You have your way. I have my way. As for the right way, the correct way, and the only way, it does not exist.
The things that will destroy America are prosperity-at-any-price, peace-at-any-price, safety-first instead of duty-first, the love of soft living, and the get-rich-quick theory of life.
There can be no transforming of darkness into light and of apathy into movement without emotion.
My subject is War, and the pity of War. The Poetry is in the pity.
Let us live no more to ourselves, but to Him who loved us, and gave Himself to die for us.
There are possibilities that exist beyond our present \"knowing,\" and to see those possibilities, we must abandon that which makes us feel safe.
Beauty is a short-lived tyranny.
Reproach is infinite, and knows no end  So voluble a weapon is the tongue;  Wounded, we wound; and neither side can fail For every man has equal strength to rail.
The Bible will keep you from sin, or sin will keep you from the Bible.
Bad people excuse their faults; wise people leave them.
When everything comes your way.. Then you are on the wrong way.
It is only out of ignorance that people are cruel, because they really don
Louis Armstrong is quite simply the most important person in American music. He is to 20th century music (I did not say jazz) what Einstein is to physics.
Technology made large populations possible; large populations now make technology indispensable.
To love and win is the best thing. To love and lose, the next best.
Music was my refuge. I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness.
My life, my choices, my mistakes, my problems, my regret, my emotions, my tears, my smiles, my happiness, my sadness, its all mine. So why cant you just stay out of it?
The secret of Happiness is Freedom, and the secret of Freedom, Courage.
From the naturalistic point of view, all men are equal. There are only two exceptions to this rule of naturalistic equality: geniuses and idiots.
Inflation is repudiation.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.
One should never trust a woman who tells one her real age. A woman who would tell that would tell anything.
Now is no time to think of what you do not have. Think of what you can do with what there is.
I dont care about what others think about me ,I just care about what I think about myself
Deep rivers move with silent majesty, shallow brooks are noisy.
Posterity will never survey a nobler grave than this: here lie the bones of Castlereagh: stop, traveler, and piss.
I have never seen a greater monster or miracle than myself.
To give pleasure to a single heart by a single act is better than a thousand heads bowing in prayer.
Animation is not the art of drawings that move but the art of movements that are drawn.
I busted a mirror and got seven years bad luck, but my lawyer thinks he can get me five.
We are never so happy nor so unhappy as we imagine.
My favourite game is Postal because it is so politically incorrect.
I always knew looking back on my tears would bring me laughter, but I never knew looking back on my laughter would make me cry.
Think naught a trifle, though it small appear; Small stands the mountain, moments make the year, and trifles life.
Writing is utter solitude, the descent into the cold abyss of oneself.
Learn to think continentally.
Love more, hurt less. Laugh more, cry less. Live more, worry less. Give more, take less. Hug more, fight less. And most important.. Remember that we are all one! We are love! I LOVE YOU ALL!
To penetrate and dissipate these clouds of darkness, the general mind must be strengthened by education.
Without friends the world is but a wilderness. There is no man that imparteth his joys to his friends, but he joyeth the more; and no man that imparteth his grieves to his friend, but he grieveth the less.
Man is a goal seeking animal. His life only has meaning if he is reaching out and striving for his goals.
I refuse to accept other people\'s ideas of happiness for me. As if there\'s a \'one size fits all\' standard for happiness.
And by the way, everything in life is writable about if you have the outgoing guts to do it, and the imagination to improvise. The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt.
The more you know the less you need to say.
The price of freedom is eternal vigilance.
If God lived on earth, people would break his     windows.
It is often easier to become outraged by injustice half a world away than by oppression and discrimination half a block from home.
Envy is the art of counting the other fellow\'s blessings instead of your own.
Our Lord has written the promise of resurrection, not in books alone, but in every leaf in springtime.
I know not what others may choose but, as for me, give me liberty or give me death.
The dead govern the living.
Vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage.
It is not these well-fed long-haired men that I fear, but the pale and the hungry-looking.
Character is formed in the stormy billows of the world.
Life is pain, highness. Anyone who says differently is selling something.
Consistency, madam, is the first of Christian duties.
The best way to be happy is to turn the negatives into positives, dont let anyone steal your joy, and be thankful for what you have.
All things share the same breath - the beast, the tree, the man... the air shares its spirit with all the life it supports.
Waiting is painful, forgetting is painfull but not knowing which to do is the worst kind of suffering.
The beauty of dystopia is that it lets us vicariously experience future worlds - but we still have the power to change our own.
What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday, and our present thoughts build our life of tomorrow: Our life is the creation of our mind.
A man must dream a long time in order to act with grandeur, and dreaming is nursed in darkness.
We have first raised a dust and then complain we cannot see.
Four things for success: work and pray, think and believe.
In reading Chesterton, as in reading MacDonald, I did not know what I was letting myself in for. A young man who wishes to remain a sound Atheist cannot be too careful of his reading. There are traps everywhere
God knew what i needed in my life.
Life is short, live it. Love is rare, grab it. Anger is bad, dump it. Fear is awful, face it. Memories are sweet, cherish it.?.
When morality comes up against profit it is seldom that profit loses. 
Big egos are big shields for lots of empty space.
No one has yet realized the wealth of sympathy, the kindness and generosity hidden in the soul of a child. The effort of every true education should be to unlock that treasure.
In every seed of good there is always a piece of bad.
People change, things change, time changes, priorities change, but expectations always remain the same..
It is a good thing that life is not as serious as it seems to a waiter.
Union may be strength, but it is mere blind brute strength unless wisely directed.
The turning point in the process of growing up is when you discover the core of strength within you that survives all hurt.
Aquatic invasive species are destroying the environment, damaging fisheries, and costing American taxpayers billions of dollars annually.
My failures have been errors in judgment, not of intent.
The most beautiful thing in life is to build a bridge of hope on a sea of despair
The dance can reveal everything mysterious that is hidden in music, and it has the additional merit of being human and palpable. Dancing is poetry with arms and legs.
History is always written wrong, and so always needs to be rewritten.
All happy families resemble one another, each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
You begin by always expecting good things to happen.
Never regret yesterday. Life is in you today and you make your tomorrow.
The probability of life originating from accident is comparable to the probability of the unabridged dictionary resulting from an explosion in a printing shop.
Whenever death may surprise us, let it be welcome if our battle cry has reached even one receptive ear and another hand reaches out to take up our arms.
Absence sharpens love, presence strengthens it.
Loving you is like breathing. How can I stop it?
Dear luck, can we be friends this year please..
Enjoyment is not a goal, it is a feeling that accompanies important ongoing activity.
I hate birthdays.
I am my own woman.
Good morning my friends. Its a new day and I hope things get better. For this I did pray, may all of your problems be out on their way on this bright morning that starts this new day.
An aim in life is the only fortune worth the finding.
There is no king who has not had a slave among his ancestors, and no slave who has not had a king among his.
Well, I think the best form would be to put money directly in the pockets of consumers.
The notion of implied meaning is the root of misunderstanding.
I have witnessed how education opens doors, and I know that when sound instruction takes place, students experience the joys of new-found knowledge and the ability to excel.
Fish die when they are out of water, and people die without law and order.
Bowed by the weight of centuries he leans upon his hoe and gazes on the ground, the emptiness of ages in his face, and on his back the burden of the world.
I fear we are not getting rid of God because we still believe in grammar.
Meow means woof in cat.
My fault, my failure, is not in the passions I have, but in my lack of control of them.
All are equal Death lays his icy hand on kings:Sceptre and crownMust tumble down,And in the dust be equal madeWith the poor crooked scythe and spade.
It is not the broken heart that kills, but broken pride, monseigneur.
The world was my oyster but I used the wrong fork. 
Sometimes its better to keep silent than to tell others what you feel.
The woman who tells her age is either too young to have anything to lose or too old to have anything to gain.
She looked as if she had been poured into her clothes and had forgotten to say when.
Character matters; leadership descends from character.
World War I was the most colossal murderous mismanaged butchery that has ever taken place on earth. Any writer who said otherwise lied So the writers either wrote propaganda shut up or fought. 
The rewards for those who persevere far exceed the pain that must precede the victory.
To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less.
Life is like art. You have to work hard to keep it simple and still have meaning.
Politeness has been well defined as benevolence in small things.
Pretend inferiority and encourage his arrogance.
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific.
What did you do as a child that made the hours pass like minutes? Herein lies the key to your earthly pursuits.
Love is photogenic. It needs darkness to develop.
No artist has ethical sympathies. An ethical sympathy in an artist is an unpardonable mannerism of style.
Where can we go to find God if we cannot see Him in our own hearts and in every living being.
People who truly love us can be divided into two categories: those who understand us, and those who forgive us our worst sins. Rarely do you find someone capable of both.
My son, George, has been a bad, bad boy! Right, George?
March is a tomboy with tousled hair, a mischievous smile, mud on her shoes and a laugh in her voice.
Commerce changes the fate and genius of nations.
I think goals should never be easy, they should force you to work, even if they are uncomfortable at the time.
Old as she was, she still missed her daddy sometimes.
It doesnt matter where you go in life, what you do, its who you have beside you.
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive  to breath, to think, to enjoy, to love. Good Morning and have a good day.
Theres no need to rush. Whats meant for you always arrives right on time.
Before marriage, a girl has to make love to a man to hold him. After marriage, she has to hold him to make love to him.
Do you think God gets stoned? I think so… look at the platypus.
Philosophy is to the real world as masturbation is to sex.
Luck always seems to be against the man who depends on it.
I hate the way they portray us in the media. If you see a black family it says they\'re looting, if you see a white family it says they\'re looking for food.
You must have crossed the river before you may tell the crocodile he has bad breath.
The snake which cannot cast its skin has to die. As well the minds which are prevented from changing their opinions; they cease to be mind.
When you have no basis for an argument, abuse the plaintiff.
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude.
All people are equal, it is not birth, it is virtue alone that makes the difference.
I don\'t have no fear of death. My only fear is coming back reincarnated.
Lyndon Johnson, as majority leader of the United States Senate, he made the Senate work.
Nothing in progression can rest on its original plan. We might as well think of rocking a grown man in the cradle of an infant.
Always expect the worst, and you will never be disappointed.
Words from the thread on which we string our experiences.
I ask you to judge me by the enemies I have made.
The most wasted day of all is that on which we have not laughed.
The time is right for electric cars – in fact the time is critical.
Sometimes we need to be hurt in order to grow, fail in order to know, lose in order to gain. Some lessons are learned best through pain.
We fight not to enslave, but to set a country free, and to make room upon the earth for honest men to live in.
You might as well fall flat on your face as lean over too far backward.
Fortune, which has a great deal of power in other matters but especially in war, can bring about great changes in a situation through very slight forces.
The tendency to aggression is an innate, independent, instinctual disposition in man... it constitutes the powerful obstacle to culture.
I always wanted to be a pilot.
All good government must begin at home.
The secret in education lies in respecting the student.
Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law.
Tomorrow is promised to no one.
Any form of art is a form of power; it has impact, it can affect change - it can not only move us, it makes us move.
What has once happened, will invariably happen again, when the same circumstances which combined to produce it, shall again combine in the same way.
A wise man once said, You cant be old & wise, if you were never young & crazy.
You are educated. Your certification is in your degree. You may think of it as the ticket to the good life. Let me ask you to think of an alternative. Think of it as your ticket to change the world.
Be truthful, nature only sides with truth.
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can circumvent or hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.
The first in the boat has the choice of oars.
Truth is powerful and it prevails.
Never turn your back on fear. It should always be in front of you, like a thing that might have to be killed.
We live in a rainbow of chaos.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
Happy Anniversary sweet heart. Words are not enough to say everything. I love you. Together we stand.
Hold me tighter, Kiss me longer, Love me harder and Ill be yours forever.
Each one of you are precious to me! I am so blessed to have you in my life and I love each one of you! Wishing you a beautiful Christmas & a Happy New Year!
I travel Europe every couple of weeks. I just came back from London, Holland and Denmark. Every nation on this planet has its issues with race, and I am not sure if everyone has figured out how to deal with it.
Every work of art is an uncommitted crime.
I am not someone who believes we should build a fence around our country but I do believe there ought to be some fairness with respect to the rules of this globalization.
The day we say I DO will be the greatest day of my life
Humility is a virtue all preach, none practice, and yet everybody is content to hear.
No one should drive a hard bargain with an artist.
The best portion of a good man\'s life is his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and of love.
A community is democratic only when the humblest and weakest person can enjoy the highest civil, economic, and social rights that the biggest and most powerful possess.
Strength is a matter of a made up mind.
Decisiveness is often the art of timely cruelty.
Sometimes one likes foolish people for their folly, better than wise people for their wisdom.
The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom.
Enjoying success requires the ability to adapt. Only by being open to change will you have a true opportunity to get the most from your talent.
Family is not an important thing. It\'s everything.
You kick a dog long enough, that dog is going to bite you or die.
Discontent is the first step in the progress of a man or a nation.
Nothing in life and nothing that we do is risk-free.
Own more than thou showest, speak less than thou knowest.
Nobody grows old merely by living a number of years. We grow old by deserting our ideals. Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.
In bourgeois society capital is independent and has individuality, while the living person is dependent and has no individuality.
If it weren\'t for Philo T. Farnsworth, inventor of television, we\'d still be eating frozen radio dinners.
A solitude is the audience-chamber of God.
In the real world, nothing happens at the right place at the right time. It is the job of journalists and historians to correct that.
The pain we feel When someone leaves our life is in direct proportion to the joy they bring while a part of our life for a few moments. In my life you made me feel as if I truly meant something to someone
Every knock is a boost.
The judge is forced for the most part to reach his audience through the medium of the press whose reporting of judicial decisions is all too often inaccurate and superficial.
Know the Self as Lord of the chariot, the body as the chariot itself, the discriminating intellect as the charioteer, and the mind as the reins. The senses, say the wise, are the horses; selfish desires are the roads they travel.
The goal of education is the advancement of knowledge and the dissemination of truth.
Selfishness is better than selflessness. Its like being happy without giving a DAMN.
The beginning of thought is in disagreement - not only with others but also with ourselves.
To say the word Romanticism is to say modern art - that is, intimacy, spirituality, color, aspiration towards the infinite, expressed by every means available to the arts.
Next to excellence, comes the appreciation of it.
Quality is the result of a carefully constructed cultural environment. It has to be the fabric of the organization, not part of the fabric.
Life isnt about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
It has been said that there is no fool like an old fool, except a young fool. But the young fool has first to grow up to be an old fool to realize what a damn fool he was when he was a young fool.
I only go out to get me a fresh appetite for being alone.
Everything comes to us that belongs to us if we create the capacity to receive it.
Self-righteousness has killed more people than smoking.
All the war-propaganda, all the screaming and lies and hatred, comes invariably from people who are not fighting.
It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system, for if they did, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning.
The smallest seed of faith is better than the largest fruit of happiness.
Great and good are seldom the same man.
Ah! There is nothing like staying at home, for real comfort.
Life is a place of service, and in that service one has to suffer a great deal that is hard to bear, but more often to experience a great deal of joy. But that joy can be real only if people look upon their life as a service, and have a definite object in life outside themselves and their personal happiness.
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes.
We simply attempt to be fearful when others are greedy and to be greedy only when others are fearful.
It hates when people can run their mouths behind yer back. Grow some balls and say it to my face!!!
Ask yourself, If I had only sixty seconds on the stage, what would I absolutely have to say to get my message across.
Idealism is the despot of thought, just as politics is the despot of will.
When smashing monuments, save the pedestals - they always come in handy.
I never saw a wild thing sorry for itself. A small bird will drop frozen dead from a bough without ever having felt sorry for itself.
Plant and your spouse plants with you weed and you weed alone.
Battle is the most magnificent competition in which a human being can indulge. It brings out all that is best it removes all that is base. All men are afraid in battle. The coward is the one who lets his fear overcome his sense of duty. Duty is the essence of manhood.
I have lived long enough. My way of life is to fall into the sere, the yellow leaf, and that which should accompany old age, as honor, love, obedience, troops of friends I must not look to have.
I will go anywhere, provided it be forward.
If the radiance of a thousand suns were to burst forth at once in the sky, that would be like the splendour of the Mighty One. I am mighty, world-destroying Time
Strategy requires thought, tactics require observation.
From the heights of these pyramids, forty centuries look down on us.
You only live once, so do everything twice.
Friends come and go but enemies accumulate.
That which is not good for the bee-hive cannot be good for the bees.
No man is a match for a woman, except with a poker and a hobnailed pair of boots-and not always even then.
The two hardest things to say in life are hello for first time and goodbye for the last.
Only fools are positive.
Marriage as an institution developed from rape as a practice. Rape, originally defined as abduction, became marriage by capture. Marriage meant the taking was to extend in time, to be not only use of but possession of, or ownership.
Oaths are but words, and words are but wind.
Pilgrimage to the place of the wise is to find escape from the flame of separateness.
Never do things others can do and will do if there are things others cannot do or will not do.
I believe that the way people live can be directed a little by architecture.
Money cannot buy peace of mind. It cannot heal ruptured relationships, or build meaning into a life that has none.
If I ever completely lost my nervousness I would be frightened half to death.
I fell for you, but you didnt catch me.
Science is what you know, philosophy is what you don\'t know.
Books are the bees which carry the quickening pollen from one to another mind.
There is a destiny that shapes our ends rough, hew them as we will.
Do not worry if you have built your castles in the air. They are where they should be. Now put the foundations under them.
The moments of happiness we enjoy take us by surprise. It is not that we seize them, but that they seize us.
and when we speak we are afraid  our words will not be heard  nor welcomed  but when we are silent  we are still afraid  So it is better to speak  remembering  we were never meant to survive
There is no greater impediment to the advancement of knowledge than the ambiguity of words.
Dear GOD, no matter what happens give me the heart that is willing to obey you whatever the cost may be.
The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart.
The ability to deal with people is as purchasable a commodity as sugar or coffee and I will pay more for that ability than for any other under the sun.
Hard work is the yeast that raises the dough
Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love.
In this world there is no perfect guy and there is no perfect girl. But only a less than perfect guy and a less than perfect girl can make a perfect love.
Sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together..
Bless yourself first before expecting God to bless you.
Sorry Im not perfect enough for your perfect little world..
Be great in act, as you have been in thought.
If someday they say of me that in my work I have contributed something to the welfare and happiness of my fellow man, I shall be satisfied.
People of the Philippines: I have returned. By the grace of Almighty God, our forces stand again on Philippine soil
would like to remind you that amateurs built the ark professionals built the Titanic
Just as every tree starts as a seed and the baby an embryo. Your plans must follow the same steps if you truly wish to see them successful at the end.
This is a court of law young man, not a court of justice.
Simplicity is natures first step, and the last of art.
As long as there are slaughterhouses there will be battlefields.
You have to dream before your dreams can come true.
The healthy man does not torture others - generally it is the tortured who turn into torturers.
A flower falls, even though we love it; and a weed grows, even though we do not love it.
The kingdom of God is a theocracy. And as it is the only form of government which will redeem and save mankind, it is necessary that every soul should be rightly and thoroughly instructed in regard to its nature and general characteristics.
Men are creatures with two legs and eight hands.
World trade means competition from anywhere; advancing technology encourages cross-industry competition.  Consequently, strategic planning must consider who our future competitors will be, not only who is here today.
The search for someone to blame is always successful.
Black man, you are on your own.
Sometimes a break from your routine is the very thing you need.
Sometimes, when one person is missing, the whole world seems depopulated.
We spend most of our lives conjugating three verbs: to want, to have, and to do.
If the doctor cures, the sun sees it; if he kills, the earth hides it.
Therefore, if we are a Nation of laws and a Nation of immigrants, immigration should occur within a legal framework, not through the machinations of illegal schemes and scams that threaten our national security.
A revolution can be neither made nor stopped. The only thing that can be done is for one of several of its children to give it a direction by dint of victories.
Hence, within the space of two generations there has been a complete revolution in the attitude of the trades-unions toward the women working in their trades.
A book is a version of the world. If you do not like it, ignore it; or offer your own version in return.
Civilization advances by extending the number of important operations which we can perform without thinking of them.
It is not worth the bother of killing yourself, since you always kill yourself too late.
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win
There have been two Geraldo Riveras through his long career. One of them was a reporter who has done some remarkable work. The other was a television show host who did what it took to get an audience.
Women have no sympathy and my experience of women is almost as large as Europe.
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn\'t thinking.
As social beings we live with our eyes upon our reflection, but have no assurance of the tranquillity of the waters in which we see it.
Look at the clock when you are sitting idle. But never look at the clock when you are working.
Society exists only as a mental concept; in the real world there are only individuals.
The difficulty of literature is not to write, but to write what you mean; not to affect your reader, but to affect him precisely as you wish.
All sorrows are less with bread.
God does not ask about our ability, but our availability.
A good heart and a good nature are two different issues, A good heart can win many relationships, But a good nature can win many good hearts.
He who angers you conquers you.
It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.
All over the place, from the popular culture to the propaganda system, there is constant pressure to make people feel that they are helpless, that the only role they can have is to ratify decisions and to consume.
Rich people without wisdom and learning are but sheep with golden fleeces.
I think of myself as an intelligent, sensitive human being with the soul of a clown which always forces me to blow it at the most important moments.
Skillful pilots gain their reputation from storms and tempest.
Low self-esteem is like driving through life with your hand-break on.
For in the true nature of things, if we rightly consider, every green tree is far more glorious than if it were made of gold and silver.
Egoism is the very essence of a noble soul.
Make a customer, not a sale.
As sure as the spring will follow the winter, prosperity and economic growth will follow recession.
If I accept you as you are, I will make you worse; however, if I treat you as though you are what you are capable of becoming, I help you become that.
He who knows nothing is closer to the truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods and errors.
To be angry is to revenge the faults of others on ourselves.
Those who promise us paradise on earth never produced anything but a hell.
Heat not a furnace for your foe so hot that it do singe yourself.
Nothing is interesting if you are not interested.
It is impossible to be a mathematician without being a poet in soul.
Freedom itself was attacked this morning by a faceless coward, and freedom will be defended.
Enjoyable social interaction, community and laughter has a healing effect on the mind and body.
The only real power comes out of a long rifle.
You make me smile, you make me laugh. You make me forget all the pain. Even if its only for a little while
Fable is more historical than fact, because fact tells us about one man and fable tells us about a million men.
The most important human endeavor is the striving for morality in our actions. Our inner balance and even our very existence depend on it. Only morality in our actions can give beauty and dignity to life.
Life must be lived forwards, but can only be understood backwards.
A man\'s friendships are one of the best measures of his worth.
A strong woman is a woman determined to do something others are determined not be done.
Nature must obey necessity. Julius Caesar
 In my mind, great leaders are those that listen to their people. 
Guilt is perhaps the most painful companion of death.
If distance is what I have to overcome to be with you, then give me a map. I am going to find you.
I need more sex, OK? Before I die I wanna taste everyone in the world.
I love you= Bull Shit
The most tragic paradox of our time is to be found in the failure of nation-states to recognize the imperatives of internationalism.
Every company has two organizational structures: The formal one is written on the charts; the other is the everyday relationship of the men and women in the organization.
The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins?
Truth is so obscure in these times, and falsehood so established, that, unless we love the truth, we cannot know it.
Happiness is the settling of the soul into its most appropriate spot.
Movies can and do have tremendous influence in shaping young lives in the realm of entertainment towards the ideals and objectives of normal adulthood.
These are the times that try men\'s souls.
There are three classes of men; the retrograde, the stationary and the progressive.
A tramp, a gentleman, a poet, a dreamer, a lonely fellow, always hopeful of romance and adventure.
To be blind is not miserable; not to be able to bear blindness, that is miserable.
We are digging our graves with our teeth.
Potentially, a government is the most dangerous threat to man\'s rights: it holds a legal monopoly on the use of physical force against legally disarmed victims.
The idea that some lives matter less is the root of all that is wrong with the world. 
Wisdom outweighs any wealth.
No religion has mandated killing others as a requirement for its sustenance or promotion.
Good advertising does not just circulate information. It penetrates the public mind with desires and belief.
He who establishes his argument by noise and command shows that his reason is weak.
Truth is not determined by majority vote.
The human brain is an incredible pattern-matching machine.
Man lives for science as well as bread.
That moment when you give someone advice, they dont listen to you, then you sit back and watch everything you predicted happen.!! :|
A man should be just cultured enough to be able to look with suspicion upon culture at first, not second hand.
No government fights fascism to destroy it. When the bourgeoisie sees that power is slipping out of its hands, it brings up fascism to hold onto their privileges.
Status Of Job Working Mercy, Peace and Love May the grace and Lord surround you and be with you on Good Friday.
The sword the body wounds, sharp words the mind.
Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them.
As a result of Title IX, and a new generation of parents who want their daughters to have the opportunities they never had, women\'s sports have arrived.
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife.
People can die of mere imagination.
Knowing a great deal is not the same as being smart; intelligence is not information alone but also judgment, the manner in which information is collected and used.
Not failure, but low aim, is crime.
Perfect love cannot be without equality.
Power without principle is barren, but principle without power is futile. This is a party of government, and I will lead it as a party of government.
Married men live longer than single men. But married men are a lot more willing to die.
Reason is the life of the law; nay, the common law itself is nothing else but reason - the law which is perfection of reason.
But behavior in the human being is sometimes a defense, a way of concealing motives and thoughts, as language can be a way of hiding your thoughts and preventing communication.
Example sheds a genial ray which men are apt to borrow, so first improve yourself today, and then your friends tomorrow.
Organising free and fair elections is more important than the result itself.
Man proposes, and God disposes.
Nothing spoils a romance so much as a sense of humor in the woman.
The essence of immorality is the tendency to make an exception of myself.
I never could tell a lie that anybody would doubt, nor a truth that anybody would believe.
Be wisely worldly, but not worldly wise.
There is no such thing as human superiority.
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
He who throws dirt always loses ground.
The world is shaped by two things  stories told and the memories they leave behind. 
If you rest, you rust.
To date, embryonic stem cell research has not produced a single medical treatment, where ethical, adult stem cell research has produced some 67 medical miracles.
A small daily task, if it be really daily, will beat the labours of a spasmodic Hercules.
If you go long enough without a bath, even the fleas will leave you alone.
The evil that men do lives after them; the good is oft interred with their bones.
If Hitler invaded hell I would make at least a favourable reference to the devil in the House of Commons.
I am a rude person by birth but I know who deal with it.
You can learn as much about the history from reading about the present as you can vice versa, that is learning about the present through history, which is what I do for a living.
When one person makes an accusation, check to be sure he himself is not the guilty one. Sometimes it is those whose case is weak who make the most clamour.
Deeper meaning resides in the fairy tales told to me in my childhood than in the truth that is taught by life.
Real happiness is cheap enough, yet how dearly we pay for its counterfeit.
He that speaks much, is much mistaken.
If you don\'t understand the details of your business you are going to fail.
My mother... she is beautiful, softened at the edges and tempered with a spine of steel. I want to grow old and be like her.
A human being is a single being. Unique and unrepeatable.
If triangles had a god, they would give him three sides.
I am truly free only when all human beings, men and women, are equally free. The freedom of other men, far from negating or limiting my freedom, is, on the contrary, its necessary premise and confirmation.
When the darkness comes, keep an eye on the light - whatever that is for you - no matter how far away it seems.
The nose of the bulldog has been slanted backwards so that he can breathe without letting go.
Cinematography is infinite in its possibilities... much more so than music or language.
Insecurity kills all that is beautiful.
Waste neither time nor money, but make the best use of both. Without industry and frugality, nothing will do, and with them everything.
Justice is like a train that is nearly always late.
Im sweet like suger, soft like suade, but unlike you I never get played.
Everything has been said before, but since nobody listens we have to keep going back and beginning all over again.
If one man says to thee, Thou art a donkey, pay no heed. If two speak thus, purchase a saddle.
For modes of faith let graceless zealots fight, His can\'t be wrong whose life is in the right.
Everything I say is a joke. I am a joke myself.
The secret of success is to be ready when your opportunity comes.
Weave in faith and God will find the thread.
Do not worry about avoiding temptation. As you grow older it will avoid you.
God places the heaviest burden on those who can carry its weight.
Time is the scarcest resource and unless it is managed nothing else can be managed.
Saddam Hussein was a horrible man, and I am pleased he is no longer running Iraq. But the war was wrong.
My heart is not a playground, go play somewhere else.
Those who will not reason, are bigots, those who cannot, are fools, and those who dare not, are slaves.
The more corrupt the state, the more numerous the laws.
My attitude is that if you push me towards something that you think is a weakness, then I will turn that perceived weakness into a strength
Cloning is great. If God made the original, then making copies should be fine.
History does nothing; it does not possess immense riches, it does not fight battles. It is men, real, living, who do all this.
Concentration and mental toughness are the margins of victory.
The people are fed up with their elected officials playing the blame game and treating their political counterparts as enemies.
The charm, one might say the genius of memory, is that it is choosy, chancy, and temperamental: it rejects the edifying cathedral and indelibly photographs the small boy outside, chewing a hunk of melon in the dust.
We have a responsibility to ensure that every individual has the opportunity to receive a high-quality education, from prekindergarten to elementary and secondary, to special education, to technical and higher education and beyond.
I wish that I could put my status to what I am really thinking
Let a man then know his worth, and keep things under his feet. Let him not peep or steal, or skulk up and down with the air of a charity-boy, a bastard, or an interloper.
I do not think that there is any other quality so essential to success of any kind as the quality of perseverance. It overcomes almost everything, even nature.
Why should they ask me to put on a uniform and go 10,000 miles from home and drop bombs and bullets on Brown people in Vietnam while so-called Negro people in Louisville are treated like dogs and denied simple human rights? No I
It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
It is common knowledge that smoking is considered one of the nation\'s leading causes of preventable death, but it\'s less widely known that cigarettes are also the leading cause of fatal fires.
Revolutions are the locomotives of history.
When the English language gets in my way, I walk over it.
Leadership is a privilege to better the lives of others. It is not an opportunity to satisfy personal greed.
There is a light at the end of the tunnel... hopefully its not a freight train!
I think we consider too much the good luck of the early bird and not enough the bad luck of the early worm.
All the birds in the sky, all the fish in the sea, will never explain what you mean to me.
I think the girl who is able to earn her own living and pay her own way should be as happy as anybody on earth. The sense of independence and security is very sweet.
The most powerful element in advertising is the truth.
Some will always be above others. Destroy the inequality today, and it will appear again tomorrow.
Accountability breeds response-ability.
Every time you subtract negative from your life, you make room for more positive.
Politics is a blood sport.
Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing <BR>and rightdoing there is a field.<BR>Ill meet you there.<BR><BR>When the soul lies down in that grass<BR>the world is too full to talk about. 
We only live once, but once is enough if we do it right. Live your life with class, dignity, and style so that an exclamation, rather than a question mark signifies it!
Noah drew me closer to him. Its okay. Ive got you. 
The more we do, the more we can do; the more busy we are, the more leisure we have.
Stop doing PERMANENT things with TEMPORARY people!!!
Anyone who has ever struggled with poverty knows how extremely expensive it is to be poor.
The capacity to blunder slightly is the real marvel of DNA. Without this special attribute, we would still be anaerobic bacteria and there would be no music.
Fear is the mother of morality.
Young feminists have been sold a bill of goods about American feminism. The enormous changes in women over the past 40 years are constantly and falsely attributed to the organized women\'s movement of the late 1960s and \'70s.
A man should hear a little music read a little poetry and see a fine picture every day of his life in order that worldly cares may not obliterate the sense of the beautiful which God has implanted in the human soul. 
The Dreamer awakes<BR>The shadow goes by<BR>The tale I have told you<BR>That tale is a lie.<BR>But listen to me<BR>Bright maiden proud youth<BR>The tale is a lie<BR>What it tells is the truth. 
Man is the head of the family, woman the neck that turns the head.
It is not only what we do, but also what we do not do, for which we are accountable.
Scratch a lover, and find a foe.
Capital is reckless of the health or length of life of the laborer, unless under compulsion from society.
One death is a tragedy; a million is a statistic.
People are going to behave however the social norms permit, and beyond that.
It is well that war is so terrible. We should grow too fond of it.
Getting to know someone else involves curiosity about where they have come from, who they are.
A trend is a trend is a trend. But the question is, will it bend? Will it alter its course through some unforeseen force and come to a premature end?
A Smile Hides Everything.
Never think that war, no matter how necessary, nor how justified, is not a crime.
Ice melts when Heated, Eyes melts when Cheated.
Prices are important not because money is considered paramount but because prices are a fast and effective conveyor of information through a vast society in which fragmented knowledge must be coordinated.
Words have no power to impress the mind without the exquisite horror of their reality.
Happiness is not a possession to be prized, it is a quality of thought, a state of mind.
Whenever u have a problem...just sing your favourite song.  You will realize that your voice is far worse than your problem.
Bad officials are the ones elected by good citizens who do not vote.
If it is once again one against forty-eight, then I am very sorry for the forty-eight.
The most dangerous madmen are those created by religion, and people whose aim is to disrupt society always know how to make good use of them on occasion.
Do you believe in love at first sight? Or do I have to walk past you again?
Men gossip for just as long and about the same subjects as women, but tend to talk more about themselves.
There is no dignity in television.
We are not in a position in which we have nothing to work with. We already have capacities, talents, direction, missions, callings.
The only thing we learn from history is that we learn nothing from history.
Good fellowship and friendship are lasting, rational and manly pleasures.
Geniuses are like thunderstorms. They go against the wind, terrify people, cleanse the air.
Earth is here so kind, that just tickle her with a hoe and she laughs with a harvest.
A government, for protecting business only, is but a carcass, and soon falls by its own corruption and decay.
Being single is not a big deal bcoz sooner or later you will find your true love.
The past is always tense the future perfect. 
By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.
I want you to know that I am innocent - and that I will fight to clear my name.
Press forward. Do not stop, do not linger in your journey, but strive for the mark set before you.
People who think by the inch and talk by the yard deserve to be kicked by the foot.
Men in general are quick to believe that which they wish to be true.
I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity, an obligation; every possession, a duty.
These people abstain, it is true: but the bitch Sensuality glares enviously out of all they do.
Our hearts were drunk with a beauty Our eyes could never see.
Everything has positive and negative consequences.
The accomplice to the crime of corruption is frequently our own indifference.
He that loves reading has everything within his reach.
One ever feels his twoness - an American, a Negro; two souls, two thoughts, two unreconciled strivings; two warring ideals in one dark body, whose dogged strength alone keeps it from being torn asunder.
I believe the ability to think is blessed. If you can think about a situation, you can deal with it. The big struggle is to keep your head clear enough to think.
Give us the child for 8 years and it will be a Bolshevik forever.
The man who never alters his opinion is like standing water, and breeds reptiles of the mind.
It is better to risk saving a guilty man than to condemn an innocent one.
The heart of a fool is in his mouth, but the mouth of a wise man is in his heart.
Say not always what you know, but always know what you say.
Sex is an emotion in motion.
None but a mule denies his family.
No man goes before his time - unless the boss leaves early.
If you violate Nature\'s laws you are your own prosecuting attorney, judge, jury, and hangman.
A broken heart bleeds tears. 
A lifetime of training for just ten seconds.
Fearless minds climb soonest into crowns.
A child is a person who is going to carry on what you have started ... the fate of humanity is in his hands.
Expect less, prepare more. Judge less, respect more. Complain less, thank more. Regret less, smile more
If journalism is good, it is controversial, by its nature.
Life is too fleet for onomatopoeia.
In the dark night of the soul, bright flows the river of God.
Somebody asked me to explain the relationship between you and me, they expected the answer as, just friends. But I simply smiled and said. Gods gift.
There is no sense in crying over spilt milk. Why bewail what is done and cannot be recalled?
Greater love hath no man than this, that he lay down his friends for his life.
If man makes himself a worm he must not complain when he is trodden on.
When you combine ignorance and leverage, you get some pretty interesting results.
The presidency has made every man who occupied it, no matter how small, bigger than he was; and no matter how big, not big enough for its demands.
We have nowhere else to go... this is all we have.
Give sorrow words; the grief that does not speak knits up the o-er wrought heart and bids it break.
Ill always catch you when you think you are about to fall.
A good life is when you assume nothing, do more, smile often, dream big, laugh a lot and realize how blessed you are for what you have
Colonialism deprives you of your self-esteem and to get it back you have to fight to redress the balance.
They tell us that suicide is the greatest piece of cowardice... that suicide is wrong when it is quite obvious that there is nothing in the world to which every man has a more unassailable title than to his own life and person.
It\'s a kind of spiritual snobbery that makes people think they can be happy without money.
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.
Where the state begins, individual liberty ceases, and vice versa.
When bad men combine, the good must associate, else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle.
Without friends, no one would want to live, even if he had all other goods.
A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defense, never for attack.
If I told you about a land of love, friend, would you follow me and come?
Greed is all right, by the way I think greed is healthy. You can be greedy and still feel good about yourself.
Invisible TEARS are the hardest to wipe away.
I have been driven many times to my knees by the overwhelming conviction that I had nowhere to go. My own wisdom, and that of all about me, seemed insufficient for the day.
Propaganda is a soft weapon; hold it in your hands too long, and it will move about like a snake, and strike the other way.
Of the billionaires I have known, money just brings out the basic traits in them. If they were jerks before they had money, they are simply jerks with a billion dollars.
Action expresses priorities.
In our leisure we reveal what kind of people we are.
The martyr sacrifices themselves entirely in vain. Or rather not in vain; for they make the selfish more selfish, the lazy more lazy, the narrow narrower.
Beauty of whatever kind, in its supreme development, invariably excites the sensitive soul to tears.
Power is of two kinds. One is obtained by the fear of punishment and the other by acts of love. Power based on love is a thousand times more effective and permanent then the one derived from fear of punishment.
My bed and I have a special relationship. We are perfect for each other. But my alarm clock just hates seeing us together.
It is only in sorrow bad weather masters us; in joy we face the storm and defy it.
All pain is a punishment, and every punishment is inflicted for love as much as for justice.
Fake friends are like autumn leaves, they are scattered everywhere.
Never succumb to the temptation of bitterness.
Who would be free themselves must strike the blow. Better even to die free than to live slaves.
Think before you act and act on what you believe.
We each have a personal myth, a vision of who we really are and what we want. Health means that part of what you want is to give to others.
When I was a boy, the Sioux owned the world. The sun rose and set on their land; they sent ten thousand men to battle. Where are the warriors today? Who slew them? Where are our lands? Who owns them?
Socialism can only arrive by bicycle.
Truth is on the side of the oppressed.
We need to remember across generations that there is as much to learn as there is to teach.
There is no greatness where simplicity, goodness and truth are absent.
I would say colonialism is a wonderful thing. It spread civilization to Africa. Before it they had no written language, no wheel as we know it, no schools, no hospitals, not even normal clothing.
Never, for the sake of peace and quiet, deny your own experience or convictions.
If you miss someone, that means youre lucky. It means you had someone special in your life, someone worth missing.
Dare to err and to dream. Deep meaning often lies in childish plays.
You wil do it, because you can do it
Non-violence leads to the highest ethics, which is the goal of all evolution. Until we stop harming all other living beings, we are still savages.
Life and death are one thread, the same line viewed from different sides.
Asia is rich in people, rich in culture and rich in resources. It is also rich in trouble.
Literature is the question minus the answer.
When people disappoint you, just look at God. Youll find something you cant find from this world.
If a woman earned a dollar by scrubbing, her husband had a right to take the dollar and go and get drunk with it and beat her afterwards. It was his dollar.
There was never an angry man that thought his anger unjust.
An inch of time cannot be bought with an inch of gold.
Punishment may make us obey the orders we are given, but at best it will only teach an obedience to authority, not a self-control which enhances our self-respect.
My father used to play with my brother and me in the yard. Mother would come out and say, You\'re tearing up the grass; We\'re not raising grass, Dad would reply. We\'re raising boys.
The human voice can never reach the distance that is covered by the still small voice of conscience.
Good friends are like shock absorbers. They help you take the lumps and bumps on the road of life.
The mind ought sometimes to be diverted, that it may return the better to thinking.
The last act is bloody, however fine the rest of the play. They throw earth over your head and it is finished forever.
An erudite fool is a greater fool than an ignorant fool.
I feel like I\'m too busy writing history to read it.
Education is the key to success in life, and teachers make a lasting impact in the lives of their students.
The loss of national identity is the greatest defeat a nation can know, and it is inevitable under the contemporary form of colonization.
Maturity: Be able to stick with a job until it is finished. Be able to bear an injustice without having to get even. Be able to carry money without spending it. Do your duty without being supervised.
All the world old is queer save thee and me, and even thou art a little queer.
Just as a fire is covered by smoke and a mirror is obscured by dust, just as the embryo rests deep within the womb, wisdom is hidden by selfish desire.
That which we persist in doing becomes easier to do, not that the nature of the thing has changed but that our power to do has increased.
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
If voting changed anything, they\'d make it illegal.
Pain is such an uncomfortable feeling that even a tiny amount of it is enough to ruin every enjoyment.
Trust me that as I ignore all law to help the slave, so will I ignore it all to protect an enslaved woman.
Bigamy is having one wife too many. Monogamy is the same.
In the transmission of human culture, people always attempt to replicate, to pass on to the next generation the skills and values of the parents, but the attempt always fails because cultural transmission is geared to learning, not DNA.
If you do build a great experience, customers tell each other about that. Word of mouth is very powerful.
mankind is resilient: the atrocities that horrified us a week ago become acceptable tomorrow.
The tragedy of machismo is that a man is never quite man enough.
The world is not fair, and often fools, cowards, liars and the selfish hide in high places.
I do not believe that civilization will be wiped out in a war fought with the atomic bomb. Perhaps two-thirds of the people of the earth will be killed.
An unjust peace is better than a just war.
Leadership does not depend on being right.
Adulthood is within the mind and not in age.
Anybody who wishes to go beyond the free-will of another person is already practising narcissistic characteristics.
A healthy democracy requires a decent society; it requires that we are honorable, generous, tolerant and respectful.
Socialism is a fraud, a comedy, a phantom, a blackmail.
The world is governed by very different personages from what is imagined by those who are not behind the scenes.
Marriage is good for those who are afraid to sleep alone at night.
The greater the feeling of inferiority that has been experienced, the more powerful is the urge to conquest and the more violent the emotional agitation.
Challenges make you discover things about yourself that you never really knew.
It is true that liberty is precious; so precious that it must be carefully rationed.
Every smile is a sign of daily brushing!
If things are happening according to your wish, then you are lucky. But if they are not, you are very lucky. Because they are happening according to GODs will.
Heredity: An omnibus in which all our ancestors ride, and every now and then one of them puts his head out and embarrasses us.
To give anything less than your best, is to sacrifice The Gift.
Hither came Conan, the Cimmerian, black-haired, sullen-eyed, sword in hand, a thief, a reaver, a slayer, with gigantic melancholies and gigantic mirth, to tread the jeweled thrones of the Earth under his sandaled feet.
If you just keep your head down and just try and do your thing, sometimes magic happens.
Real firmness is good for anything; strut is good for nothing.
I do not love you as if you were salt-rose, or topaz,or the arrow of carnations the fire shoots off.I love you as certain dark things are to be loved,in secret, between the shadow and the soul.
The greatest shot in the arm is Encouragement
None of us is responsible for the complexion of his skin. This fact of nature offers no clue to the character or quality of the person underneath.
Trust thyself: every heart vibrates to that iron string.
We must dream of an aristocracy of achievement arising out of a democracy of opportunity.
Life Without You Would Be Like A Broken Pencil... Pointless.
There was an old man of Quebec,Who was buried in snow to his neck.When asked,
Greatness lies not in being strong, but in the right use of strength.
Those who do not want to imitate anything, produce nothing.
My motto was always to keep swinging. Whether I was in a slump or feeling badly or having trouble off the field, the only thing to do was keep swinging.
In theory it is easy to convince an ignorant person; in actual life, men not only object to offer themselves to be convinced, but hate the man who has convinced them.
Leadership is the wise use of power. Power is the capacity to translate intention into reality and sustain it.
The problem with K-12 education is socialism and the solution is capitalism.
Necessity and opportunity may make a coward valiant.
The idealist is incorrigible: if he is thrown out of his heaven he makes an ideal of his hell.
Trials in life are not meant to make us fail, but to see how far we can fly.
Finally we shall place the Sun himself at the center of the Universe.
The world is indeed full of peril and in it there are many dark places.  But still there is much that is fair.  And though in all lands, love is now  mingled with grief, it still grows, perhaps, the greater.
As soon as laws are necessary for men, they are no longer fit for freedom.
There are two things to aim at in life: first, to get what you want; and, after that, to enjoy it. Only the wisest of mankind achieve the second.
I always wake up at the crack of ice.
I sometimes watch birds and wonder If I could fly who would I shit on??
With most men life is like backgammon-half skill and half luck.
Love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear.
Mankind are greater gainers by suffering each other to live as seems good the themselves, than by compelling each other to live as seems good to the rest.
Chance favors the prepared mind.
The most satisfying work.....Helping others
For every force, there is a counter force. For every negative there is a positive. For every action there is a reaction. For every cause there is an effect.
Some people are your relatives but others are your ancestors, and you choose the ones you want to have as ancestors. You create yourself out of those values.
One can pay back the loan of gold, but one lies forever in debt to those who are kind.
Music, Rock and Roll music especially, is such a generational thing. Each generation must have their own music, I had my own in my generation, you have yours, everyone I know has their own generation.
When your in the movie business you have a start date and a stop date.
Beauty seen is never lost, God\'s colors all are fast.
Realism is a bad word. In a sense everything is realistic. I see no line between the imaginary and the real.
A man never discloses his own character so clearly as when he describes another s.
Modesty is the color of virtue.
Whenever a theory appears to you as the only possible one, take this as a sign that you have neither understood the theory nor the problem which it was intended to solve.
Education is the mother of leadership.
Freedom without limits is just a word.
Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
Never let life impede on your ability to manifest your dreams. Dig deeper into your dreams and deeper into yourself and believe that anything is possible, and make it happen.
The simple lack of her is more to me than others presence.
Better to be a free bird than a captive king.
A friend is nothing but a known enemy.
He who goes unenvied shall not be admired.
Globalization was a deep trend pushed by technology and right ideas, as much as anything else.
That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons history has to teach.
I am monarch of all I survey,  My right there is none to dispute on;  but I wish that I could get away  And go home to the village of Bruton.
Distrust of authority should be the first civic duty.
When force of circumstance upsets your equanimity, lose no time in recovering your self-control, and do not remain out of tune longer than you can help. Habitual recurrence to the harmony will increase your mastery of it.
My father always wanted to be the corpse at every funeral, the bride at every wedding and the baby at every christening.
Chess is mental torture.
Social democracy... is only the advance guard of the proletariat, a small piece of the total working masses; blood from their blood, and flesh from their flesh.
You can muffle the drum, and you can loosen the strings of the lyre, but who shall command the skylark not to sing?
Happiness is like a sunbeam, which the least shadow intercepts, while adversity is often as the rain of spring.
The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence.
Man is a slow, sloppy and brilliant thinker; the machine is fast, accurate and stupid.
The whole difference between construction and creation is exactly this: that a thing constructed can only be loved after it is constructed; but a thing created is loved before it exists.
At the end of the day, life should ask us, Do you want to save the changes?
The Roaring Twenties were the period of that Great American Prosperity which was built on shaky foundations.
Someone asked me Hows life? I just smiled and replied, Shes fine :)
Humor is an affirmation of dignity, a declaration of man\'s superiority to all that befalls him.
Oh mortal man, is there anything you cannot be made to believe?
People who bite the hand that feeds them usually lick the boot that kicks them.
If a window of opportunity appears, don\'t pull down the shade.
Ego is just like a dust in the eye  without clearing the dust you cant see anything clear  so clear the ego and see the world.
Imagine all the people living life in peace. You may say I\'m a dreamer, but I\'m not the only one. I hope someday you\'ll join us, and the world will be as one.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
The ability to express an idea is well nigh as important as the idea itself.
In a country well governed, poverty is something to be ashamed of. In a country badly governed, wealth is something to be ashamed of.
I hold it to be the inalienable right of anybody to go to hell in his own way.
We lie in the lap of immense intelligence.
Cultivation to the mind is as necessary as food to the body.
I dont talk to myself, i talk to the little voices in my head that tell me to do evil cruel things to people and thats the reason why i smile all the time..
You make my day special now please make my night remember able by coming to my dreams. GoodNight
The desire of the man is for the woman, but the desire of the woman is for the desire of the man.
Life is not a series of gig lamps symmetrically arranged; life is a luminous halo, a semi-transparent envelope surrounding us from the beginning of consciousness to the end.
Civility costs nothing, and buys everything.
Architecture starts when you carefully put two bricks together. There it begins.
Success is achieved by developing our strengths, not by eliminating our weaknesses.
No human relation gives one possession in another—every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship or in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone.
We all make choices but in the end our choices make us. 
It is not because the truth is too difficult to see that we make mistakes... we make mistakes because the easiest and most comfortable course for us is to seek insight where it accords with our emotions - especially selfish ones.
One rain does not make a crop.
Live your life take chances be crazy. Dont wait cause right now is the oldest youve ever been amp the youngest youll be ever again 
True compassion is more than flinging a coin to a beggar; it comes to see that an edifice which produces beggars needs restructuring.
The written word can be erased -- not so with the spoken word.
Rights that do not flow from duty well performed are not worth having.
When we long for life without difficulties, remind us that oaks grow strong in contrary winds and diamonds are made under pressure.
Besides black art, there is only automation and mechanization.
Nowadays, all the married men live like bachelors, and all the bachelors like married men.
Let your tongue speak what your heart thinks.
If power is for sale, sell your mother to buy it. You can always buy her back again.
Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power. If you realize that you have enough, you are truly rich.
Only the educated are free.
Do you know what we call opinion in the absence of evidence?  We call it prejudice.
Is God willing to prevent evil, but not able? Then he is not omnipotent. Is he able, but not willing? Then he is malevolent. Is he both able and willing? Then whence cometh evil? Is he neither able nor willing? Then why call him God?
Give neither counsel or salt till you are asked for it.
God put me on this earth to accomplish a certain number of things. Right now I am so far behind that I will never die.
The secret of a happy marriage is finding the right person. You know they\'re right if you love to be with them all the time.
For anything worth having one must pay the price; and the price is always work, patience, love, self-sacrifice-no paper  currency, no promises to pay, but the goal of real service.
This is a ruthless world and one must be ruthless to cope with it.
Rare is the union of beauty and purity.
Shadows cannot see themselves in the mirror of the sun.
Never insult an alligator until after you have crossed the river.
The greatest truth is honesty, and the greatest falsehood is dishonesty.
Dope never helped anybody sing better or play music better or do anything better. All dope can do for you is kill you - and kill you the long, slow, hard way.
Too much of a good thing can be wonderful.
My classmates would copulate with anything that moved, but I never saw any reason to limit myself.
The world is full of willing people; some willing to work, the rest willing to let them.
Knowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom.
The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.
May every sunrise hold more promise, every moonrise hold more peace.
Finality is death. Perfection is finality. Nothing is perfect. There are lumps in it, said the Philosopher.
Education is a weapon, whose effect depends on who holds it in his hands and at whom it is aimed.
When things are too easy I lose interest in them so I find ways to complicate them to get myself interested.
Even if a snake is not poisonous, it should pretend to be venomous.
The fact is that censorship always defeats its own purpose, for it creates, in the end, the kind of society that is incapable of exercising real discretion.
Mind your speech a little lest you should mar your fortunes.
You and I come by road or rail, but economists travel on infrastructure.
Conversation about the weather is the last refuge of the unimaginative.
True republicanism is the sovereignty of the people. There are natural and imprescriptible rights which an entire nation has no right to violate.
In the Halls of Justice, the only justice is in the halls.
It takes tremendous discipline to control the influence, the power you have over other people\'s lives.
Attitudes are the forerunners of conditions.
Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich.
Taste every fruit of every tree in the garden at least once. It is an insult to creation not to experience it fully. Temperance is wickedness.
In judging others, folks will work overtime for no pay.
Democracy is based upon the conviction that there are extraordinary possibilities in ordinary people.
The issue is not abortion. The issue is whether women can make up their own mind instead of some right-wing pastor, some right-wing politician telling them what to do.
The Negro revolution is controlled by foxy white liberals, by the Government itself. But the Black Revolution is controlled only by God.
I believe that truth has only one face: that of a violent contradiction.
Without pain, there would be no suffering, without suffering we would never learn from over mistakes. To make it right, pain and suffering is the key to all windows, without it, there is no way of life.
Be vigilant; guard your mind against negative thoughts
We do not remember days, we remember moments.
Justice is incidental to law and order.
Drink moderately, for drunkeness neither keeps a secret, nor observes a promise.
Books are good enough in their own way, but they are a mighty bloodless substitute for living.
For in every adult there dwells the child that was, and in every child there lies the adult that will be.
The mob has many heads but no brains.
A concept is stronger than a fact.
I have no regrets in my life. I think that everything happens to you for a reason. The hard times that you go through build character, making you a much stronger person.
I took a test in Existentialism. I left all the answers blank and got 100.
Happiness is a how; not a what. A talent, not an object.
Protection is not a principle but an expedient.
I like anything that is like an obstruction, something that I have to act through is good.
You will die but the carbon will not; its career does not end with you. It will return to the soil, and there a plant may take it up again in time, sending it once more on a cycle of plant and animal life.
Apology accepted, trust denied.
People with insufficient personalities are fond of cats. These people adore being ignored.
Death gives us sleep, eternal youth, and immortality.
When money is taken freedom is forsaken.
Listen to advice, but follow your heart.
Children suck the mother when they are young and the father when they are old.
The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure use you. If you do that, you\'re in control of your life. If you don\'t, life controls you.
The truth hurts for a little while, but lies hurt for a lifetime.
Telling lies does not work in advertising.
If a woman possesses manly virtues one should run away from her; and if she does not possess them she runs away from herself.
A champion is afraid of losing. Everyone else is afraid of winning.
No one is rich enough to do without a neighbor.
Only the weak are cruel. Gentleness can only be expected from the strong.
Unlimited power corrupts the possessor.
The height of human wisdom is to bring our tempers down to our circumstances, and to make a calm within, under the weight of the greatest storm without.
Modernity is the transient, the fleeting, the contingent; it is one half of art, the other being the eternal and the immovable.
Today is a king in disguise.
Time spent on hiring is time well spent.
I am prepared to go anywhere, provided it be forward.
Sometimes I dont want to speak or talk, because I am afraid that those tears may fall
He who wishes to be obeyed must know how to command.
All the reasonings of men are not worth one sentiment of women.
Journalism can never be silent: that is its greatest virtue and its greatest fault. It must speak, and speak immediately, while the echoes of wonder, the claims of triumph and the signs of horror are still in the air.
A lazy youth, a lousy age.
Only the prepared speaker deserves to be confident.
Brevity is a great charm of eloquence.
You are pitiful isolated individuals; you are bankrupts; your role is played out. Go where you belong from now on -- into the dustbin of history!
Your father guides your mother cares your brother shares your sister loves..But a true friend does all. Be a true friend.
When I was preparing for the film for tree weeks, with David Cronenberg, I had a lady friend come over.
A weed is a plant that has mastered every survival skill except for learning how to grow in rows.
For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love.
Ive been through a lot of crap in my life, but Ive learned its better to smile through it than frown upon it
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
He who does not tire, tires adversity.
I am grateful for the opportunities I have been given to participate in that work as a representative of my country, Canada, whose people have, I think, shown their devotion to peace.
Never stop dreaming. Yesterdays dream can become the reality of tomorrow, and the innovation of the future.
By desiring little, a poor man makes himself rich.
Writing the art of communicating thoughts to the mind through the eye is the great invention of the world...enabling us to converse with the dead the absent and the unborn at all distances of time and space. 
Human beings should be held accountable. Leave God alone. He has enough problems.
In small towns people scent the wind with noses of uncommon keenness.
Beauties in vain their pretty eyes may roll; charms strike the sight, but merit wins the soul.
Habit is either the best of servants or the worst of masters.
Death is nothing to us, since when we are, death has not come, and when death has come,we are not.
There are some defeats more triumphant than victories.
Nobody has ever bet enough on a winning horse.
Movies are my religion and God is my patron. I\'m lucky enough to be in the position where I don\'t make movies to pay for my pool. When I make a movie, I want it to be everything to me; like I would die for it.
In the first place, God made idiots. That was for practice. Then he made school boards.
A tradition without intelligence is not worth having.
Magic lies in challenging what seems impossible.
I have said it already, I am convinced that the way to build a new and better world is not capitalism. Capitalism leads us straight to hell.
Family: A unit composed not only of children, but of men, women, an occasional animal, and the common cold.
It is time to fear when tyrants seem to kiss.
If tears could build a stairway, and memories a lane, Id walk right up to Heaven and bring you home again.
Love is a trap. When it appears, we see only its light, not its shadows.
For a moment, nothing happened. Then, after a second or so, nothing continued to happen.
My ultimate aim is to make euthanasia a positive experience.
Let us move from the era of confrontation to the era of negotiation.
Posterity: you will never know how much it has cost my generation to preserve your freedom. I hope you will make good use of it.
Dream in a pragmatic way.
Asking the right questions takes as much skill as giving the right answers.
Morning is a wonderful blessing, either sunny or stormy. It stands for hope  giving us another start of what we call life.
In politics, a lie unanswered becomes truth within 24 hours.
If there is a God, atheism must seem to Him as less of an insult than religion.
My eyes literally turn to hearts when I see you.
Keep true to the dreams of your youth.
I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds.N.B.: This is a paraphrase from the ancient Hindu text, the Bhagavad Gita.
Fix the problem, not the blame.
The repossession by women of our bodies will bring far more essential change to human society than the seizing of the means of production by workers.
He who knows best knows how little he knows.
I have never killed a man, but I have read many obituaries with great pleasure.
Pain is temporary, film is forever.
Democracy is indispensable to socialism.
Time sometimes flies like a bird, sometimes crawls like a snail; but a man is happiest when he does not even notice whether it passes swiftly or slowly.
Wait for those unguarded moments. Relax the mood and, like the child dropping off to sleep, the subject often reveals his truest self.
Guilt alone, like brain-sick frenzy in its feverish mood, fills the light air with visionary terrors, and shapeless forms of fear.
Light is the task where many share the toil.
We all leave footprints in the sand, the question is, will we be a big heal, or a great soul.
Patience when teased is often transformed into rage.
There is nothing that would upset me more than my dad being bribed by the press. It\'s like, \'Just let them run it, then. Don\'t you give them ammunition.\'
Love may be blind but jealousy has 20-20 vision.
Insanity is doing the same thing in the same way and expecting a different outcome.
The doctor sees all the weakness of mankind; the lawyer all the wickedness, the theologian all the stupidity.
If you\'re old, don\'t try to change yourself, change your environment.
The most effective way to do it, is to do it.
Yes, it\'s a man\'s world, but that\'s all right because they\'re making a total mess of it. We\'re chipping away at their control, taking the parts we want. Some women think it\'s a difficult task, but it\'s not.
No man who is in a hurry is quite civilized.
To improve is to change to be perfect is to change often.
Most virtue is a demand for greater seduction.
Wars are not paid for in wartime, the bill comes later.
Something deeply hidden had to be behind things. 
The leader must aim high, see big, judge widely, thus setting himself apart form the ordinary people who debate in narrow confines.
It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
I shall not wholly die, and a great part of me will escape the grave.
True humility is intelligent self respect which keeps us from thinking too highly or too meanly of ourselves. It makes us modest by reminding us how far we have come short of what we can be.
You begin saving the world by saving one man at a time; all else is grandiose romanticism or politics.
If you cant be truthful, be quiet.
Singing connected with movements and action is a much more ancient, and, at the same time, more complex phenomenon than is a simple song.
I hate losing and cricket being my first love, once I enter the ground it\'s a different zone altogether and that hunger for winning is always there.
People will travel anywhere for good food - it\'s crazy.
Every man who rises above the common level has received two educations: the first from his teachers; the second, more personal and important, from himself.
Is there not an art, a music, and a stream of words that shalt be life, the acknowledged voice of life?
Homosexuality is against nature. Sexual expression is permitted only within marriage, between man and woman, male and female. Anything else is an abnormality and is against nature.
I wish they would only take me as I am.
Revolution is an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.
I am simple, complex, generous, selfish, unattractive, beautiful, lazy, and driven.
Whoever is detected in a shameful fraud is ever after not believed even if they speak the truth.
Nothing is too small to know, and nothing too big to attempt.
...gratitude is a debt which usually goes on accumulating like blackmail; the more you pay, the more is exacted. In time, you are made to realize that the kindness done you is become a curse and you wish it had not happened.
Social Security is a covenant that should not be broken.
One mistake and everyone judges you.
Characters never change. Opinions alter; characters are only developed.
Knowledge without wisdom is double folly.
The way to wealth is as plain as the way to market. It depends chiefly on two words, industry and frugality; that is, waste neither time nor money, but make the best use of both. Without industry and frugality nothing will do; with them, everything.
I believe in everything; nothing is sacred. I believe in nothing; everything is sacred. Ha Ha Ho Ho Hee Hee.
In a time of destruction, create something.
The people have spoken. Their decision is sovereign. We all respect it... I wish good luck to those who will now govern France.
Among those who dislike oppression are many who like to oppress.
Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid.
The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
If something is boring after two minutes, try it for four. If still boring, then eight. Then sixteen. Then thirty-two. Eventually one discovers that it is not boring at all.
If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart.
Gratitude bestows reverence, allowing us to encounter everyday epiphanies, those transcendent moments of awe that change forever how we experience life and the world.
Red hair, sir, in my opinion, is dangerous.
Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity. They seem more afraid of life than death.
Nostalgia is a file that removes the rough edges from the good old days.
A surgeon should be young a physician old.
A good friend will always stab you in the front.
Memory is the cabinet of the imagination, the treasury of reason, the registry of conscience, and, the council chamber of thought.
What we obtain too cheap, we esteem too lightly; it is dearness only that gives everything its value.
Beauty is the bait which with delight allures man to enlarge his kind.
I dont care how hard being together is, nothing is worse than being apart.
Political Freedom without economic equality is a pretense, a fraud, a lie; and the workers want no lying.
Its Not hard to find someone who will tell you that they Love You. Its hard to find someone that actually means it.. :)
Terrorist attacks can shake the foundations of our biggest buildings, but they cannot touch the foundation of America. These acts shatter steel, but they cannot dent the steel of American resolve.
How strangely will the Tools of a Tyrant pervert the plain Meaning of Words!
A man willing to work, and unable to find work, is perhaps the saddest sight that fortune\'s inequality exhibits under this sun.
Long hair is an unpardonable offense which should be punishable by death.
You made your bed, now lie in it.
You must constantly change and adapt to a new environment.
Nothing ever comes to one, that is worth having, except as a result of hard work.
The responsibility of tolerance lies in those who have the wider vision.
Time reveals all things.
Change is the end result of all true learning.
I\'m not sure what the future holds but I do know that I\'m going to be positive and not wake up feeling desperate. As my dad said Nic, it is what it is, it\'s not what it should have been, not what it could have been, it is what it is.
Marriage is like putting your hand into a bag of snakes in the hope of pulling out an eel.
There is too much at stake for us to surrender to the politics of polarization.
A good many things go around in the dark besides Santa Claus.
Men do less than they ought, unless they do all that they can.
In large states public education will always be mediocre, for the same reason that in large kitchens the cooking is usually bad.
If a man has common sense, he has all the sense there is.
The evolution of humans can not only be seen as the grand total of their wars; it is also defined by the evolution of the human mind and the development of the human consciousness.
Always turn a negative situation into a positive situation.
I made mistakes in drama. I thought drama was when actors cried. But drama is when the audience cries.
A horse is dangerous at both ends and uncomfortable in the middle.
Young people and Indian people need to know that we existed in the 20th Century. We need to know who our heroes are and to know what we have done and accomplished in this century other than what Olympic athletes Jim Thorpe and Billy Mills have done.
The wolf changes his coat, but not his disposition.
Opportunities are never lost; they are taken by others.
A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week.
Generally speaking, the Way of the warrior is resolute acceptance of death.
Some things can be perfectly expressed by sound alone and images would only be disturbing. Other times, sound would be possible, but visuals are much stronger and closer to what I want to express and then again, they sometimes overlap perfectly.
What is work and what is not work are questions that perplex the wisest of men.
Take a course in good water and air; and in the eternal youth of Nature you may renew your own. Go quietly, alone; no harm will befall you.
Believe it can be done. When you believe something can be done, really believe, your mind will find the ways to do it. Believing a solution paves the way to solution.
In politics shared hatreds are almost always the basis of friendships.
Self-love is the greatest of all flatterers.
A basic tenet of a healthy democracy is open dialogue and transparency.
The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance.
The inner spaces that a good story lets us enter are the old apartments of religion.
There are many good moccasin tracks along the trail of a straight arrow.
If you want the present to be different from the past, study the past.
Suicide is a serious thing. And if you know anyone who is suicidal, you need to get them help. No one should be in pain. Everyone should love themselves.
Inside of every good person there is also something very wild.
We have left undone those things which we ought to have done; and we have done those things which we ought not to have done.
We will bankrupt ourselves in the vain search for absolute security.
A positive attitude opens the door to positive opportunities, which leads to a positive life.
Anger is a wind which blows out the lamp of the mind.
Illegal immigration is crisis for our country. It is an open door for drugs, criminals, and potential terrorists to enter our country. It is straining our economy, adding costs to our judicial, healthcare, and education systems.
Life is my college. May I graduate well, and earn some honors.
Death and life have their determined appointments riches and honors depend upon heaven.
Personal relationships are the fertile soil from which all advancement, all success, all achievement in real life grows.
Gun control means control. It means control for the government and the government starts controlling the people.
A classic is a book that has never finished saying what it has to say.
Saying goodbye doesn\'t mean anything. It\'s the time we spent together that matters, not how we left it.
Bacchus hath drowned more men than Neptune.
Two halves have little choice but to join;And yes, they do make a wholebut two wholes when they coincide...That is beauty.That is love.
Ingratitude produces pride while gratitude produces humility. 
The reactionary is always willing to take a progressive attitude on any issue that is dead.
I despise all adjectives that try to describe people as liberal or conservative, rightist or leftist, as long as they stay in the useful part of the road.
When the eyes say one thing and the tongue another, a practiced man relies on the language of the first.
Everything in woman hath a solution. It is called pregnancy.
The arrogance of age must submit to be taught by youth.
If you\'ve got a talent, protect it.
Conservative, n: A statesman who is enamored of existing evils, as distinguished from the Liberal who wishes to replace them with others.
To create architecture is to put in order. Put what in order? Function and objects.
Acquaintance: a degree of friendship called slight when its object is poor or obscure, and intimate when he is rich or famous.
Any fool can make a rule, and every fool will mind it.
Wherever there is light, one can photograph.
A cynic can chill and dishearten with a single word.
Build for your team a feeling of oneness, of dependence on one another and of strength to be derived by unity.
In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves.
A weak mind is like a microscope, which magnifies trifling things, but cannot receive great ones.
Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.
It is better to be alone than in bad company.
To speak ill of others is a dishonest way of praising ourselves. Nothing is often a good thing to say, and always a clever thing to say.
We continue to shape our personality all our life. If we knew ourselves perfectly, we should die.
The Best FEELING Ever : Is when you have someone who cares ONLY about you ???????
Winning the peace is harder than winning the war.
We will not agree on every issue. But let us respect those differences and respect one another. Let us recognize that we do not serve an ideology or a political party; we serve the people.
You know, my first three or four drafts, you can see, are on legal pads in long hand. And then I go to a typewriter, and I know everybody\'s switching to a computer. And I\'m sort of laughed at.
Any dictator would admire the uniformity and obedience of the U.S. media.
The day the child realizes that all adults are imperfect, he becomes an adolescent; the day he forgives them, he becomes an adult; the day he forgives himself, he becomes wise
The Pledge of Allegiance says, liberty and justice for all.
Fortune favors the bold, but abandons the timid.
A beautiful face is a mute recommendation.
After all, crime is only a left-handed form of human endeavor.
Giving is better than receiving because giving starts the receiving process.
When a woman reaches orgasm with a man she is only collaborating with the patriarchal system, eroticizing her own oppression.
Wait for the wisest of all counselors, Time.
Nobody owns life, but anyone who can pick up a frying pan owns death.
Our challenge in this regard will be to broaden the scope of our federal funds in terms of international diplomacy, development aid, and international assistance. Many Latinos in the United States look at Latin America and see trouble brewing.
It is not the honor that you take with you, but the heritage you leave behind.
Those who eat too much or eat too little, who sleep too much or sleep too little, will not succeed in meditation. But those who are temperate in eating and sleeping, work and recreation, will come to the end of sorrow through meditation.
Accept the place the divine providence has found for you, the society of your contemporaries, the connection of events.
The two enemies of human happiness are pain and boredom.
Life is lived on levels and arrived at in stages.
A man that studieth revenge keeps his own wounds green.
Why does life keep teaching me lessons I have no desire to learn?
Procrastination makes easy things hard, hard things harder.
In the world there are billions of people, In my eyes I see only you
The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.
Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business.
I don\'t know whether war is an interlude during peace, or peace an interlude during war.
Whenever anyone has offended me, I try to raise my soul so high that the offense cannot reach it.
History is, strictly speaking, the study of questions; the study of answers belongs to anthropology and sociology.
Each person must live their life as a model for others.
The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading.
Death is more universal than life; everyone dies but not everyone lives.
You were not meant for a mundane or mediocre life!
He drew a circle that shut me out-  Heretic , rebel, a thing to flout.  But love and I had the wit to win:  We drew a circle and took him In !  From the poem   Outwitted
Government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the Earth.
Fate leads him who follows it, and drags him who resist.
The will to do, the soul to dare.
Throw caution to the wind and just do it.
The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, worry about the future, or anticipate troubles but to live in the present moment wisely and earnestly.
Brave men do not gather by thousands to torture and murder a single individual, so gagged and bound he cannot make even feeble resistance or defense.
There is no such thing as bad publicity except your own obituary.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
The king must die so that the country can live.
There were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded.
Marriage is not a noun; it\'s a verb. It isn\'t something you get. It\'s something you do. It\'s the way you love your partner every day.
The debt of gratitude we owe our mother and father goes forward, not backward. What we owe our parents is the bill presented to us by our children.
We beg you to save young America from the blight of race prejudice. Do not bind the children within the narrow circles of your own lives.
Make your own Bible.  Select and collect all the words and sentences that in all your readings have been to you like the blast of a trumpet.
I went on a diet, swore off drinking and heavy eating, and in 14 days I lost two weeks.
Never spend your money before you have earned it.
Life is half spent before we know what it is.
You cannot prevent the birds of sorrow from flying over your head, but you can prevent them from building nests in your hair.
Culture of the mind must be subservient to the heart.
It is no use to blame the looking glass if your face is awry.
Only one man in a thousand is a leader of men--the other 999 follow women.
We have always wanted to write songs and be experimental in that way.
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones.
Discoveries are often made by not following instructions, by going off the main road, by trying the untried.
Language is the mother of thought, not its handmaiden.
Only a fool tests the depth of the water with both feet.
Live your everyday of life like its the last day of your life.
The terrifying and edible beauty of Art Nouveau architecture.
Reasoning against prejudice is like fighting against a shadow; it exhausts the reasoner, without visibly affecting the prejudice.
Impossible situations can become possible miracles.
I am eye. I am a mechanical eye. I, a machine, am showing you a world, the likes of which only I can see.
A garden requires patient labor and attention. Plants do not grow merely to satisfy ambitions or to fulfill good intentions. They thrive because someone expended effort on them.
The simple act of caring is heroic.
Religion is a matter of the heart. No physical inconvenience can warrant abandonment of one\'s own religion.
Poverty is from the devil and that God wants all Christians prosperous.
True love is night jasmine, a diamond in darkness, the heartbeat no cardiologist has ever heard. It is the most common of miracles, fashioned of fleecy clouds -- a handful of stars tossed into the night sky.
To generalize is to be an idiot. To particularize is the alone distinction of merit. General knowledge are those knowledge that idiots possess.
Only the paranoid survive.
It is usually people in the money business, finance, and international trade that are really rich.
A deist is someone who has not lived long enough to become an atheist.
Disinterested intellectual curiosity is the life blood of real civilization.
I don\'t like country music, but I don\'t mean to denigrate those who do. And for the people who like country music, denigrate means \'put down\'.
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.
We will move forward, we will move upward, and yes, we will move onward.
To cure jealousy is to see it for what it is, a dissatisfaction with self, an impossible claim that one should be at once Rose Bowl princess, medieval scholar, Saint Joan, Milly Theale, Temple Drake, Eleanor of Aquitaine, one
Accepting many wrong persons may not affect your life But Neglecting one right person will leave you broken throughout the life..Thats what we do most of the time.
If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. And if they don\'t, they never were.
It is better to take what does not belong to you than to let it lie around neglected.
Men should be either treated generously or destroyed, because they take revenge for slight injuries - for heavy ones they cannot.
Sacrifice is nothing other than the production of sacred things.
He who rides the sea of the Nile must have sails woven of patience.
I shut my eyes in order to see.
Fake is the new trend and everyone seems to be in style.!!!
The day of individual happiness has passed.
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
Think before you speak, words can hurt.
Schizophrenia cannot be understood without understanding despair.
Sometimes it is said that man cannot be trusted with the government of himself. Can he, then be trusted with the government of others? Or have we found angels in the form of kings to govern him? Let history answer this question.
In modern war... you will die like a dog for no good reason.
Reason, I sacrifice you to the evening breeze.
Men must endure, their going hence even as their coming hither. Ripeness is all.
Consultants are people who borrow your watch and tell you what time it is, and then walk off with the watch.
The value of life lies not in the length of days, but in the use we make of them... Whether you find satisfaction in life depends not on your tale of years, but on your will.
Violence is like a weed - it does not die even in the greatest drought.
Our chief want in life is somebody who will make us do what we can.
It is what we know already that often prevents us from learning.
Our perfect companions never have fewer than four feet.
Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love - and to put its trust in life.
I have a hard time deciphering the fine line between boredom and hunger
Love is an ice cream sundae, with all the marvelous coverings. Sex is the cherry on top.
Expect to have hope rekindled. Expect your prayers to be answered in wondrous ways. The dry seasons in life do not last. The spring rains will come again.
Life is the greatest journey you will ever go on
We used to build civilizations. Now we build shopping malls.
Life is about laughing & living, in good & bad times. Getting through whatever comes our way & looking back & smiling.
You only get to keep what you give away.
To truly forgive...means to truly forget!
Difference between Love and Life? Without Love there is no life.
As long as one person lives in darkness then it seems to be a responsibility to tell other people.
No matter how long we have traveled on the wrong road, we can always turn around.
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
Turn around, look in front of you. See the future, not the past.
I have not only Arms but a large proportion of Armourers to make.
You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars.
It is not the language but the speaker that we want to understand.
Americans are not a perfect people, but we are called to a perfect mission.
The legitimate powers of government extend to such acts only as are injurious to others. It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no god. It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg.
Men are by nature merely indifferent to one another; but women are by nature enemies.
Patriots always talk of dying for their country and never of killing for their country.
Science may never come up with a better office communication system than the coffee break.
Beauty is only skin deep, fashion even shallower.
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs. Being purged, a fire sparkling in lovers eyes. Being vexed, a sea nourished with lovers tears. What is it else? A madness most discreet, a choking gall and a preserving sweet.
There is no refuge from memory and remorse in this world. The spirits of our foolish deeds haunt us, with or without repentance.
Men are only clever at shifting blame from their own shoulders to those of others.
The quality of a person\'s life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor.
I wish that God would hold you tight. I hope that angels would keep you in sight. Now just to make sure you feel all right, Im gonna blow you a sweet goodnight
It is better by a noble boldness to run the risk of being subject to half of the evils we anticipate, than to remain in cowardly listlessness for fear of what may happen.
Some of your hurts you have cured, And the sharpest you still have survived, But what torments of grief you endured From the evil which never arrived.
The purpose of training is to tighten up the slack, toughen the body, and polish the spirit.
I felt that I breathed an atmosphere of sorrow.
No civilized society can thrive upon victims, whose humanity has been permanently mutilated.
Your emotional life is not written in cement during childhood. You write each chapter as you go along.
Mystical explanations are considered deep. The truth is that they are not even superficial.
I\'m not really quiet or shy. Ask any of my friends! But I always ground my poetry in life itself. Poetry is an art of language, though, so I am always aware of every word\'s meaning, or multiple meanings.
I walked a mile with Pleasure.She chattered all the way,But left me none the wiserFor all she had to say.I walked a mile with Sorrow,And ne
What is the matter with the poor is poverty; what is the matter with the rich is uselessness.
Truth is by nature self-evident. As soon as you remove the cobwebs of ignorance that surround it, it shines clear.
Conceit is the quicksand of success.
TIME decides who you meet in your life. Your HEART decides who you want in your life. BEHAVIOR decides who will stay in your life.
The bastard form of mass culture is humiliated repetition... always new books, new programs, new films, news items, but always the same meaning.
Listen, everyone is entitled to my opinion.
One of my friends is Snake from Skid Row.
Love does much, money everything.
A wise man should consider that health is the greatest of human blessings, and learn how by his own thought to derive benefit from his illnesses.
Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace.
The truth has a million faces, but there is only one truth.
A consistent man believes in destiny, a capricious man in chance.
I have no faith in human perfectibility. I think that human exertion will have no appreciable effect upon humanity. Man is now only more active --not more happy --nor more wise, than he was 6000 years ago.
Being creative is not a hobby it is a way of life.
Women are nothing but machines for producing children.
Love is a symbol of eternity. It wipes out all sense of time, destroying all memory of a beginning and all fear of an end.
Men heap together the mistakes of their lives, and create a monster they call Destiny.
So far as a person thinks; they are free.
The road to hell is paved with adverbs.
Never judge a book by its movie.
It is almost as difficult to keep a first class person in a fourth class job, as it is to keep a fourth class person in a first class job.
Preach not because you have to say something, but because you have something to say.
If an animal does something, we call it instinct; if we do the same thing for the same reason, we call it intelligence.
If you would persuade, you must appeal to interest rather than intellect.
Beauty itself is but the sensible image of the Infinite.
People who shut their eyes to reality simply invite their own destruction, and anyone who insists on remaining in a state of innocence long after that innocence is dead turns himself into a monster.
Bravery is the solution to regret.
What we know is the workplace is more demanding than ever before.
I certainly think that it is better to be impetuous than cautious, for fortune is a woman, and it is necessary if you wish to master her, to conquer her by force.
Lord Chancellor, did I deliver the speech well? I am glad of that, for there was nothing in it.
There is one thing the photograph must contain, the humanity of the moment. This kind of photography is realism. But realism is not enough - there has to be vision, and the two together can make a good photograph.
May you be strengthened by yesterdays rain; Walk straight in tomorrows wind; And cherish each moment of the sun today
Cruelty is a part of nature, at least of human nature, but it is the one thing that seems unnatural to us.
Goodness is easier to recognize than to define.
Our program necessarily includes the propaganda of atheism.
The initial organization of the brain does not depend that much on experience. Nature provides a first draft, which experience then revises.
The greater the power, the more dangerous the abuse.
Do what you gotta do so you can do what you wanna do.
Consistency requires you to be as ignorant today as you were a year ago.
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.
To get your ideas across, use small words, big ideas and short sentences.
Since we cannot change reality, let us change the eyes which see reality.
Ah, why should life all labor be?
Those who consciousness is unified abandon all attachment to the results of action and attain supreme peace. But those whose desires are fragmented, who are selfishly attached to the results of their work, are bound in everything they do.
I was sorry to hear my name mentioned as one of the great authors, because they have a sad habit of dying off. Chaucer is dead, so is Milton, so is Shakespeare, and I am not feeling very well myself.
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance.
Civilizations die from suicide, not by murder.
Life without endeavor is like entering a jewel-mine and coming out with empty hands.
Big Brother is watching you.
The wish for healing has always been half of health.
Childhood is measured out by sounds and smells and sights, before the dark hour of reason grows.
The most fundamental fact about the ideas of the political left is that they do not work. Therefore we should not be surprised to find the left concentrated in institutions where ideas do not have to work in order to survive.
The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul.
The capacity of man himself is only revealed when, under stress and responsibility, he breaks through his educational shell, and he may then be a splendid surprise to himself no less than to this teachers.
Exaggeration is truth that has lost its temper.
The pessimist complains about the wind the optimist expects it to change the realist adjusts the sails.
Stick on your originality yes I know few people will call you a boring person but millions will fall in love with you because of your authenticity. 
Attitude is the mind\'s paintbrush; it can color any situation.
The greatest happiness is to know the source of unhappiness.
Men never remember, but women never forget.
There is no such thing as an empty space or an empty time. There is always something to see, something to hear. In fact, try as we may to make a silence, we cannot.
Only a strong tree can stand alone.
As long as there are postmen, life will have zest.
However much we may sympathize with a small nation confronted by a big and powerful neighbours, we cannot in all circumstances undertake to involve the whole British Empire in a war simply on her account.
Being dead right, wont make you any less dead. and Having the right of way, wont make you any less dead.
Guilt upon the conscience, like rust upon iron, both defiles and consumes it, gnawing and creeping into it, as that does which at last eats out the very heart and substance of the metal.
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him.
Whoever stands by a just cause cannot possibly be called a terrorist.
Out of all the people in the world i thought you were the the one to be there for me 4 ever and always. turns out i was just your last option wasnt i
He was so learned that he could name a horse in nine languages; so ignorant that he bought a cow to ride on.
Academic success depends on research and publications.
Tolerance comes with age. I see no fault committed that I myself could not have committed at some time or other.
This was not an act of terrorism, but it was an act of war.
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain -- and most fools do.
The height of cultivation runs to simplicity. Halfway cultivation runs to ornamentation.
Love is the bridge between two hearts.
I refused to take no for an answer.
One of the beautiful things about baseball is that every once in a while you come into a situation where you want to, and where you have to, reach down and prove something.
An angry father is most cruel towards himself.
I stepped on a cornflake today! So I am a cereal killer now
Skill is the unified force of experience, intellect and passion in their operation.
God must love the common man, he made so many of them.
I speak Spanish to God, Italian to women, French to men, and German to my horse.
Next to doing the right thing, the most important thing is to let people know you are doing the right thing.
It is better to laugh than cry.
Things refuse to be mismanaged for long. 
There is no heaven or afterlife for broken-down computers that is a fairy story for people afraid of the dark.
When you rise in the morning, give thanks for the light, for your life, for your strength. Give thanks for your food and for the joy of living. If you see no reason to give thanks, the fault lies in yourself.
A smart man makes a mistake, learns from it, and never makes that mistake again. But a wise man finds a smart man and learns from him how to avoid the mistake altogether.
If we can realize that life is always happening for us, not to us… game over, all the pain and suffering disappears.
Man can now fly in the air like a bird, swim under the ocean like a fish, he can burrow into the ground like a mole. Now if only he could walk the earth like a man, this would be paradise.
The more informative your advertising, the more persuasive it will be.
The budget is not just a collection of numbers, but an expression of our values and aspirations.
Never sacrifice who you are just because someone else has a problem with it.
Home is where you feel at home and are treated well.
They were doing a full back shot of me in a swimsuit and I thought, Oh my God, I have to be so brave. See, every woman hates herself from behind.
Perhaps the most valuable result of all education is the ability to make yourself do the thing you have to do, whether you like it or not.
A man is rich in proportion to the number of things which he can afford to let alone.
Older women are best, because they always think they may be doing it for the last time.
The importance that our society attaches to sport is incredible. After all, is football a game or a religion? The people of this country have allowed sports to get completely out of hand.
Medical physics is an applied area of physics.
The secret of politics? Make a good treaty with Russia.
The cinema, like the detective story, enables us to experience without danger to ourselves all the excitements, passions, and fantasies which have to be repressed in a humanistic age.
Whatever you do, or dream you can do, begin it.Boldness has genius, power and magic in it.
While I was writing Wild Swans I thought the famine was the result of economic mismanagement but during the research I realised that it was something more sinister.
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced
Indifference, to me, is the epitome of evil.
The lure of the distant and the difficult is deceptive. The great opportunity is where you are.
Was this the face that launched a thousand ships, and burnt the topless towers of Ileum?
To call in the statistician after the experiment is done may be no more than asking him to perform a post-mortem examination: he may be able to say what the experiment died of.
I prefer drawing to talking. Drawing is faster, and leaves less room for lies.
We have in fact, two kinds of morality, side by side: one that we preach, but do not practice, and another that we practice, but seldom preach.
There is nothing like a challenge to bring out the best in man.
There is no excuse for cheating in a relationship.
The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education.
Age is opportunity no less,than youth itself, though in another dress.And as the evening twilight fades away,The sky is filled by the stars invisible by the day.
The way he looked at her was the way all girls want to be looked at.
There has been a strong tradition in this country that it is not the function of the military to educate the public on political issues.
How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong. Because someday in your life you will have been all of these.
If all mankind were to disappear, the world would regenerate back to the rich state of equilibrium that existed ten thousand years ago. If insects were to vanish, the environment would collapse into chaos.
A little fire burns up a great deal of corn.
Punishing the prostitute promotes the rape of all women. When prostitution is a crime, the message conveyed is that women who are sexual are bad, and therefore legitimate victims of sexual assault. Sex becomes a weapon to be used by men.
Two hands working can do more than a thousand clasped in prayer.
An elephant is a mouse built to government specifications.
The ability and desire to transform the mundane materials at hand that we both bring into the collaboration well beyond the sum total of the parts - to birth a new baby neither of us could claim single parentage of.
Man appoints, and God disappoints.
He who will not economize will have to agonize.
Freedom without obligation is anarchy. Freedom without obligation is democracy.
Actually no, my status wasnt aimed at you, but hey, if the shoe fits, feel free to wear it.
Americans of our own time – minority and majority Americans alike – need the continued guidance that the Voting Rights Act provides. We have come a long way, but more needs to be done.
Indubitably, Magic is one of the subtlest and most difficult of the sciences and arts. There is more opportunity for errors of comprehension, judgment and practice than in any other branch of physics.
No state on earth can afford to allow several authorities to co-exist next to one another.
Our party must continue to strike fear in the heart of the white man, our real enemy!
One of the books we read a few years ago that had a big effect on us was Repeated Takes by Michael Chanan.
If you enjoy the fragrance of a rose, you must accept the thorns which it bears.
Go then, there are other worlds than these.
Time will inevitably uncover dishonesty and lies; history has no place for them.
Without mysteries, life would be very dull indeed. What would be left to strive for if everything were known?
Jealousy is, I think, the worst of all faults because it makes a victim of both parties.
Film is one of the three universal languages, the other two: mathematics and music.
In the end, everything is a gag.
One ungrateful person, does an injury to all needy people.
Not everyone can be trusted. I think we all have to be very selective about the people we trust.
We therefore commit his body to the ground; earth to earth, ashes to ashes, dust to dust; in sure and certain hope of the Resurrection.
The secret of success is the consistency to pursue.
We are the slaves of objects around us, and appear little or important according as these contract or give us room to expand.
No sadder proof can be given by a man of his own littleness than disbelief in great men.
When eating an elephant take one bite at a time.
Apathy is a sort of living oblivion.
The answers you get from literature depend on the questions you pose.
Each new generation is a fresh invasion of savages.
For we brought nothing into this world, and it is certain we can carry nothing out. 1 Timothy 6:7
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who\'ll argue with you.
Happiness isn\'t getting what you want, it\'s wanting what you got.
Go ahead, judge me. Just remember to be perfect for the rest of your life!!
A film is - or should be - more like music than like fiction. It should be a progression of moods and feelings. The theme, what\'s behind the emotion, the meaning, all that comes later.
Faith is to believe what we do not see; and the reward of this faith is to see what we believe.
Frustration, although quite painful at times, is a very positive and essential part of success.
Beauty is as relative as light and dark. Thus, there exists no beautiful woman, none at all, because you are never certain that a still far more beautiful woman will not appear and completely shame the supposed beauty of the first.
It is bad advice that cannot be changed.
I see myself as an intelligent, sensitive human, with the soul of a clown which forces me to blow it at the most important moments.
Our own self-love draws a thick veil between us and our faults.
It takes a man to suffer ignorance and smile.
Focus on remedies, not faults.
Live simply so others may simply live.
Morality is a test of our conformity rather than our integrity.
Every child should have the opportunity to receive a quality education.
There are two perfectly good men, one dead, and the other unborn.
He who is prudent and lies in wait for an enemy who is not, will be victorious.
Run for your life from any man who tells you that money is evil. That sentence is the leper\'s bell of an approaching looter.
If you find serenity and happiness, they may be jealous, Be happy anyway.
Never measure the height of a mountain until you have reached the top. Then you will see how low it was.
The best way to reduce the cost of medical care is to reduce the illness.
You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it fearlessly.
I found Rome a city of bricks and left it a city of marble.
Hate is not the first enemy of love. Fear is. It destroys your ability to trust.
There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.
In a democracy, the individual enjoys not only the ultimate power but carries the ultimate responsibility.
When from our better selves we have too long been parted by the hurrying world, and droop. Sick of its business, of its pleasures tired, how gracious, how benign is solitude.
Thought precedes action as lighting does thunder.
You never change things by fighting the existing reality.  To change something, build a new model that makes the existing model obsolete.
Without words, without writing and without books there would be no history, there could be no concept of humanity.
Poor people cannot rely on the government to come to help you in times of need. You have to get your education. Then nobody can control your destiny.
Freedom of speech is always under attack by Fascist mentality, which exists in all parts of the world, unfortunately.
The foundation of every state is the education of its youth.
How simple and frugal a thing is happiness: a glass of wine, a roast chestnut, a wretched little brazier, the sound of the sea. . . . All that is required to feel that here and now is happiness is a simple, frugal heart.
I never read a self-help book except for the Bible.
Readers are not sheep, and not every pen tempts them.
IGNORING is better than PLASTICITY
The art of life is to know how to enjoy a little and to endure very much.
A true and caring relation doesnt have to speak loud, a soft message is just enough to express the heartiest feelings. Enjoy the festival of Holi with lot of fun.
The serpent, the king, the tiger, the stinging wasp, the small child, the dog owned by other people, and the fool: these seven ought not to be awakened from sleep.
Never look down to test the ground before taking your next step; only he who keeps his eye fixed on the far horizon will find the right road.
Slanderers do not hurt me because they do not hit me.
I do not know the American gentleman, God forgive me for putting two such words together.
Life is either a great adventure or nothing.
Healing takes courage, and we all have courage, even if we have to dig a little to find it.
I am sworn to uphold the Constitution as Andy Johnson understands it and interprets it.
Most books on witchcraft will tell you that witches work naked.  This is because most books on witchcraft were written by men.
It is well for the heart to be naive and the mind not to be.
Today is the sort of day where the sun only comes up to humiliate you.
Manufacturing and commercial monopolies owe their origin not to a tendency imminent in a capitalist economy but to governmental interventionist policy directed against free trade and laissez faire.
As long as people believe in absurdities they will continue to commit atrocities.
Liberalism is totalitarianism with a human face.
I would rather be alone and a loud voice for action than be silent.
Death comes at you no matter what you do in this life, and to equate drugs with death is a facile comparison.
This multicultural approach, saying that we simply live side by side and live happily with each other has failed. Utterly failed.
It takes one hour of preparation for each minute of presentation time.
Discipline is the refining fire by which talent becomes ability.
I knew there was an old axe down cellar; that is all I knew.
Depression is rage spread thin.
If you have stage fright, it never goes away. But then I wonder: is the key to that magical performance because of the fear?
Shake that thing Miss Kana Kana. Shake that thing Miss Annabella. Shake that thing yan Donna Donna. Jodi and Rebecca…
Obscurity and competence: That is the life that is worth living.
Sanity is a madness put to good uses; waking life is a dream controlled.
Every white will have its black, And every sweet its sour.
The family, that dear octopus from whose tentacles we never quite escape, nor in our innermost hearts never quite wish to.
There is nothing stable in the world; uproar\'s your only music.
Education is the best friend. An educated person is respected everywhere. Education beats the beauty and the youth.
F.A.M.I.L.Y is one of the strongest words anyone can say, because the letters of FAMILY means Father And Mother I Love You..
While we may not be able to control all that happens to us, we can control what happens inside us.
Advice is seldom welcome; and those who want it the most always like it the least.
The more you stir filth the worse it stinks.
Fear is a disease that eats away at logic and makes man inhuman.
No culture can live if it attempts to be exclusive.
A woman reading Playboy feels a little like a Jew reading a Nazi manual.
Believe me, there exists no such dilemma as that in which a gentleman is placed when he is forced to reply to a blackguard.
God lends a helping hand to the man who tries hard.
The only wealth which you will keep forever is the wealth you have given away.
Continental people have sex lives; the English have hot-water bottles.
The challenge of leadership is to be strong, but not rude; be kind, but not weak; be bold, but not bully; be thoughtful, but not lazy; be humble, but not timid; be proud, but not arrogant; have humor, but without folly.
If two wrongs don\'t make a right, try three.
All are lunatics, but he who can analyze his delusion is called a philosopher.
Good, Better, Best. Never let it rest. Until your good is better and your better is best.
Ask not what your teammates can do for you. Ask what you can do for your teammates.
I had a very supportive family environment that gave me room to explore and discover things about myself.
You have no idea how good it feels to wake up every morning knowing that you are mine and Im yours.
No matter what political reasons are given for war, the underlying reason is always economic.
A happy family is but an earlier heaven.
The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another.
The goal to strive for is a poor government but a rich people.
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.
Life is not a continuum of pleasant choices, but of inevitable problems that call for strength, determination, and hard work.
A little neglect may breed great mischief.
Immortality is the genius to move others long after you yourself have stopped moving.
Of all possessions a friend is the most precious.
Democracy and socialism have nothing in common but one word, equality. But notice the difference: while democracy seeks equality in liberty, socialism seeks equality in restraint and servitude.
Men give advice; God gives guidance.
Music is to the soul what words are to the mind.
Boredom is just the reverse side of fascination: both depend on being outside rather than inside a situation, and one leads to the other.
Capital as such is not evil; it is its wrong use that is evil. Capital in some form or other will always be needed.
No woman has an abortion for fun.
Sex is as important as eating or drinking and we ought to allow the one appetite to be satisfied with as little restraint or false modesty as the other.
I love decorating my home. I\'m a gardener too, so that\'s usually something I have to play catch up with.
Crocodiles are easy. They try to kill and eat you.  People are harder.  Sometimes they pretend to be your friend first.
I am determined to be cheerful and happy in whatever situation I may find myself. For I have learned that the greater part of our misery or unhappiness is determined not by our circumstance but by our disposition.
I was always playing the Hammond Organ back to front even during the days of the Nice, going back to 1968. Really what I was doing there, was choosing notes at random and trying to make some sense of them, improvising back to front.
Bermimpilah, karena Tuhan akan memeluk mimpi-mimpi itu.
In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield.
Remember upon the conduct of each depends the fate of all.
Better be despised for too anxious apprehensions, than ruined by too confident security.
All farewells should be sudden, when forever.
Intolerance is itself a form of violence and an obstacle to the growth of a true democratic spirit.
Two minds with but a single thought, two hearts that beat as one.
Men acquire a particular quality by constantly acting a particular way. We become just by performing just actions, temperate by performing temperate actions, brave by performing brave actions.
Faith is a passionate intuition.
It is not titles that honor men, but men that honor titles.
It is my ambition to say in ten sentences; what others say in a whole book.
The art of war is simple enough. Find out where your enemy is. Get at him as soon as you can. Strike him as hard as you can, and keep moving on.
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness.
Men and women approaching retirement age should be recycled for public service work, and their companies should foot the bill. We can no longer afford to scrap-pile people.
Leadership is diving for a loose ball, getting the crowd involved, getting other players involved. It\'s being able to take it as well as dish it out. That\'s the only way you\'re going to get respect from the players.
By all means marry. If you get a good wife you will become happy, and if you get a bad one you will become a philosopher.
Blaming is just another sorry excuse, and making excuses is the first step towards failure
You Are A 9 - Youd Be A Perfect 10 If You Were With Me.
All that is important is this one moment in movement. Make the moment important, vital, and worth living. Do not let it slip away unnoticed and unused.
A study of economics usually reveals that the best time to buy anything is last year.
The superior man blames himself. The inferior man blames others.
Only aim to do your duty, and mankind will give you credit where you fail.
Share our similarities, celebrate our differences.
Be happy in front of your haters. It kills them.
First I shake the whole Apple tree, that the ripest might fall. Then I climb the tree and shake each limb, and then each branch and then each twig, and then I look under each leaf.
Lawyers are the only persons in whom ignorance of the law is not punished.
Many times a day I realize how much my own life is built on the labors of my fellowmen, and how earnestly I must exert myself in order to give in return as much as I have received.
The integrity of men is to be measured by their conduct, not by their professions.
The moment the slave resolves that he will no longer be a slave. His fetters fall... freedom and slavery are mental states.
There are victories of the soul and spirit. Sometimes, even if you lose, you win.
Ronald Reagan gave our party a bowling alley image as opposed to a country club image. We were talking to people who go bowling on Thursday night, and they were understanding what we were saying.
“The state is that great fiction by which everyone tries to live at the expense of everyone else.” 
Accusing the times is but excusing ourselves.
The only rock I know that stays steady, the only institution I know that works, is the family.
Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbours, and let every new year find you a better man.
To all my haters, remember, its mind over matter: I dont mind & you dont matter..
No one should teach who is not in love with teaching.
Your excuses are just the lies your fears have sold you.
True love stories never have endings.
The Dead Sea is the dead sea, because it continually receives and never gives.
You can do anything in this world if you are prepared to take the consequences.
Time is the father of truth, its mother is our mind.
Freedom is the oxygen of the soul.
In prayer it is better to have a heart without words than words without a heart.
There is no such thing as a self-made man. You will reach your goals only with the help of others.
We\'re in a giant car heading towards a brick wall and everyone\'s arguing over where they\'re going to sit.
Those who wish to pet and baby wild animals, love them. But those who respect their natures and wish to let them live normal lives, love them more.
Character is to man what carbon is to steel.
Men, their rights, and nothing more; women, their rights, and nothing less.
Of neighborhoods, benevolence is the most beautiful. How can the man be considered wise who when he had the choice does not settle in benevolence.
Religion is the sign of the oppressed creature, the sentiment of a heartless world, and the soul of soulless conditions. It is the opium of the people.
The good we secure for ourselves is precarious and uncertain - until it is secured for all of us and incorporated into our common life.
The desire for possession is insatiable, to such a point that it can survive even love itself. To love, therefore, is to sterilize the person one loves.
Those who boast of their descent, brag on what they owe to others.
If a person gets his attitude toward money straight, it will help straighten out almost every other area in his life.
If the world seems cold to you, kindle fires to warm it.
I was way into Primus in high school so hanging out with him was a thrill.
This one step -- choosing a goal and sticking to it -- changes everything.
Entrepreneurship is the last refuge of the trouble making individual.
He begins to die that quits his desires.
Money is of a prolific generating nature. Money can beget money, and its offspring can beget more.
All great and beautiful work has come of first gazing without shrinking into the darkness.
There is no such thing as a worthless conversation, provided you know what to listen for. And questions are the breath of life for a conversation.
I see harm reduction as a way of engaging people as part of that path to recovery.
A good book is the precious lifeblood of a master spirit, embalmed and treasured up on purpose to life beyond life.
Fascism is fascism. Terrorism is terrorism. Oppression is oppression.
Only you can hold yourself back, only you can stand in your own way. Only you can help yourself.
In my country we go to prison first and then become President.
I was lucky enough myself to have been in Dad\'s Army for an episode.
Nothing is so healing as the human touch.
Sexual relations, of course, have existed, exist, and will exist. However, this is in no way connected with the indispensability of the existence of the family.
Virtue is not left to stand alone. He who practices it will have neighbors.
I warmed both hands before the fire of life; It sinks, and I am ready to depart.
The purpose of all war is peace.
Both marriage and death ought to be welcome: The one promises happiness, doubtless the other assures it.
I want my name to mean me. 
A man watches his pear tree day after day, impatient for the ripening of the fruit. Let him attempt to force the process, and he may spoil both fruit and tree. But let him patiently wait, and the ripe fruit at length falls into his lap.
Too often we... enjoy the comfort of opinion without the discomfort of thought.
Yesterday is a cancelled check. Today is cash on the line. Tomorrow is a promissory note.
Work, look for peace and calm in work: you will find it nowhere else.
If confusion is the first step to knowledge, I must be a genius.
Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is.
Everything is predestined in life except the destiny of a man.
Movies will make you famous; Television will make you rich; But theatre will make you good.
The appearance of things change according to the emotions and thus we see magic and beauty in them, while the magic and beauty are really in ourselves.
Sometimes you just have to forget how you feel and remember what you deserve.
There is nothing harder than the softness of indifference.
When the senses contact sense objects, a person experiences cold or heat, pleasure or pain. These experiences are fleeting they come and go. Bear them patiently.
We participate in tragedy. At comedy we only look.
The trouble with being poor is that it takes up all your time.
Hope is the only universal liar who never loses his reputation for veracity.
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.
Superstition is the poison of the mind.
The only thing in life achieved without effort is failure.
May this birthday bring you good luck and fortune. May it bring you oodles of true love and friendship. Have an amazing birthday.
The biggest reward for a thing well done is to have done it.
The first panacea for a mismanaged nation is inflation of the currency; the second is war. Both bring a temporary prosperity; both bring a permanent ruin. But both are the refuge of political and economic opportunists.
Furious activity is no substitute for understanding.
Good things come to those who wait? greater things come to those who get off their ass and do anything to make it happen.
Homophobia is like racism and anti-Semitism and other forms of bigotry in that it seeks to dehumanize a large group of people, to deny their humanity, their dignity and personhood.
I want winners. I want people who want to win.
We aren\'t in an information age, we are in an entertainment age.
My mortal foe can no ways wish me a greater harm than England\'s hate; neither should death be less welcome unto me than such a mishap betide me.
The most technologically efficient machine that man has ever invented is the book.
Good Night all, May the words of God dance in your ears and bring Joy to your hearts as you sleep tonight!
Success is the sole earthly judge of right and wrong.
I love Los Angeles. I love Hollywood. They\'re beautiful. Everybody\'s plastic, but I love plastic. I want to be plastic.
The greatest and noblest pleasure which men can have in this world is to discover new truths; and the next is to shake off old prejudices.
Honest conviction is my courage the Constitution is my guide.
Next in importance to freedom and justice is popular education, without which neither freedom nor justice can be permanently maintained.
Habit is thus the enormous fly-wheel of society, its most precious conservative agent. It alone is what keeps us all within the bounds of ordinance, and saves the children of fortune from the envious uprisings of the poor.
Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.
For every promise, there is price to pay.
I told you, sir, they were red-hot with drinking; so full of valor that they smote the air, for breathing in their faces, beat the ground for kissing of their feet.
Of all the things which wisdom provides to make us entirely happy, much the greatest is the possession of friendship.
The dream crossed twilight between birth and dying.
They say that every snowflake is different.  If that were true, how could the world go on?  How could we ever get up off our knees? How could we ever recover from the wonder of it?
Friendship is a pretty full-time occupation if you really are friendly with somebody. You can\'t have too many friends because then you\'re just not really friends.
The real rulers in Washington are invisible, and exercise power from behind the scenes.
I would thank you from the bottom of my heart, but for you my heart has no bottom.
My literary success meant nothing to me.
Life is the right of every child. Not a special privilege for the fortunate, the planned, and the perfect.
Our inventions mirror our secret wishes.
If a man is not faithful to his own individuality, he cannot be loyal to anything.
The laws of nature are but the mathematical thoughts of God.
The secret of all victory lies in the organization of the non-obvious.
Generals think war should be waged like the tourneys of the Middle Ages. I have no use for knights; I need revolutionaries.
The true way to be humble is not to stoop until you are smaller than yourself, but to stand at your real height against some higher nature that will show you what the real smallness of your greatness is.
The only source of knowledge is experience.
Is it not passing brave to be a King and ride in triumph through Persepolis?
It is the direct man who strikes sledgehammer blows, who penetrates the very marrow of a subject at every stroke and gets the meat out of a proposition, who does things.
Remember that the greatest crime is to compromise with injustice and wrong.
There are only two creatures of value on the face of the earth: those with the commitment, and those who require the commitment of others.
Men marry because they are tired; women, because they are curious; both are disappointed.
Life is like a taxi. The meter just keeps a-ticking whether you are getting somewhere or just standing still.
Self-respect knows no considerations.
I hope the exit is joyful and i hope never to return.
The love of heaven makes one heavenly.
The music is the message, the message is the music. So that\'s my little ministry that the Big Man upstairs gave to me - a little ministry called love and happiness.
Even a soul submerged in sleep   is hard at work  and helps   make something of the world.
I remember my youth and the feeling that will never come back any more-the feeling that I could last forever, outlast the sea, the earth, and all men.
Great dreams of great dreamers are always transcended.
Peace without justice is tyranny.
After a storm comes a calm.
The shell must break before the bird can fly.
Second to agriculture, humbug is the biggest industry of our age.
Love is as delicate as glass; once broken it can be fixed, but there will always be cracks.
The first rule is not to lose. The second rule is not to forget the first rule.
My aim, then, was to whip the rebels, to humble their pride, to follow them to their inmost recesses, and make them fear and dread us. Fear is the beginning of wisdom.
Take A Walk In My Shoes Before You Judge Me
Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal.
The fundamental sense of freedom is freedom from chains, from imprisonment, from enslavement by others. The rest is extension of this sense, or else metaphor.
Death is the solution to all problems. No man - no problem.
Youve seen me laugh Youve seen me cry And always you were there with me I may not have always said it But thanks and I love you mom
Without knowing the force of words, it is impossible to know men.
In the case of the stomach, however, the nerves of the glandular cells were always severed when constructing an artificially isolated pouch and this, naturally, affected the normal work of the stomach.
If we are not free, no one will respect us.
Fools rush in where Angels fear to tread.
So tired of people becoming something they said theyd never be
Equality is not in regarding different things similarly, equality is in regarding different things differently.
To industry nothing is impossible.
Love blinds us to faults, but hatred blinds us to virtues.
Music is the wine that fills the cup of silence.
Love yourself accept yourself forgive yourself and be good to yourself because without you the rest of us are without a source of many wonderful things.
Inflation is bringing us true democracy. For the first time in history, luxuries and necessities are selling at the same price.
From listening comes wisdom and from speaking, repentance.
Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. The fearful are caught as often as the bold.
Ignorance is a voluntary misfortune.
The sun will set without thy assistance.
Death gives meaning to our lives. It gives importance and value to time. Time would become meaningless if there were too much of it.
At last I perceive that in revolutions the supreme power rests with the most abandoned.
If youth knew; if age could.
There is nothing impossible to him who will try.
You are much surer that you are doing good when you pay money to those who work, as the recompense of their labor, than when you give money merely in charity.
Sometimes it takes a good fall to really know where you stand...
Drink your tea slowly and reverently, as if it is the axis on which the world earth revolves - slowly, evenly, without rushing toward the future.
Never insult anyone by accident.
In any free society, the conflict between social conformity and individual liberty is permanent, unresolvable, and necessary.
Never forget the power of silence, that massively disconcerting pause which goes on and on and may last induce an opponent to babble and backtrack nervously.
For peace of mind, we need to resign as general manager of the universe.
Time fleeth away without delay.
The First Amendment is not without limits.
A genius separates himself from things which are not useful nor beneficial. While you are eager to try new technologies—A genius is thinking about how to invent something totally different that will be used by all.
A jade stone is useless before it is processed; a man is good-for-nothing until he is educated.
Miracles happen everyday, change your perception of what a miracle is and you\'ll see them all around you.
Chase your dreams until you catch them .. and then dream, catch, and dream again..!
The key to happiness is your inner freedom, peace, and willingness to enjoy every moment of your life.
The fragrance of flowers spreads only in the direction of the wind. But the goodness of a person spreads in all direction.
If you cant be a PENCIL to write someones happiness, then try to be an ERASER to remove someones sadness
The winner\'s edge is not in a gifted birth, a high IQ, or in talent. The winner\'s edge is all in the attitude, not aptitude. Attitude is the criterion for success.
Strike as thou didst at Caesar for I know  When though didst hate him worst thou lovedst him better  Than ever thou lovedst Cassius. 
Dont let the past dictate where youre going. Youre in this life for you, forget everyone else, forget trying to please others. Be you.
Be determined to handle any challenge in a way that will make you grow.
The world must be made safe for democracy.
The only person you should try to be better than, is the person you were yesterday
Music should strike fire from the heart of man, and bring tears form the eyes of woman.
Where all men think alike, no one thinks very much.
Plans are only good intentions unless they immediately degenerate into hard work.
Somehow liberals have been unable to acquire from life what conservatives seem to be endowed with at birth: namely, a healthy skepticism of the powers of government agencies to do good.
Without knowing what I am and why I am here, life is impossible.
People?always say that time changes things, but the truth is we have to change them ourselves.
The majority have no other reason for their opinions than that they are the fashion.
Live like a lost bullet. Unknown and dangerous
Crying is one of the highest devotional songs.  One who knows crying, knows spiritual practice.  If you can cry with a pure heart, nothing else compares to such a prayer.  Crying includes all the principles of Yoga.
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.
As soon go kindle fire with snow, as seek to quench the fire of love with words.
Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is.
When you focus on the past youre just relieving it. Let go and move forward.
There is no God, Nature sufficeth unto herself; in no wise hath she need of an author.
Human cloning is coming.
There should be no such thing as boring mathematics.
True friendship is never serene.
The authority of those who teach is often an obstacle to those who want to learn.
He devil tempts all, but the idle man tempts the devil.
Show not yourself glad at the misfortune of another, though he were your enemy.
The palest ink is better than the best memory.
The inner speech, your thoughts, can cause you to be rich or poor, loved or unloved, happy or unhappy, attractive or unattractive, powerful or weak.
Mistrust carries one such further than trust.
Some say that the age of chivalry is past, that the spirit of romance is dead. The age of chivalry is never past, so long as there is a wrong left unredressed on earth.
A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle.
Summer is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces up, snow is exhilarating; there is no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.
Take time to appreciate employees and they will reciprocate in a thousand ways.
Luck is when opportunity knocks and you answer.
There is a thin line between insanity and genius. I, myself, am in the middle, and quite frankly, I enjoy every second of it.
One of the things that makes our military the best in the world is the certain knowledge of each soldier, sailor, airman, and Marine that they can always count on their comrades should they need help - that they will never be abandoned.
Study hard, but party harder.
Boys and girls in America have such a sad time together; sophistication demands that they submit to sex immediately without proper preliminary talk. Not courting talk — real straight talk about souls, for life is holy and every moment is precious.
In deep sadness there is no place for sentimentality.
Better three hours too soon than a minute too late.
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can never live long enough to make them all yourself.
Dictators free themselves, but they enslave the people.
Laws, like houses, lean on one another.
The saving man becomes the free man.
Smartness runs in my family. When I went to school I was so smart my teacher was in my class for five years.
Small gestures can have a big impact.
My yesterdays walk with me. They keep step, they are gray faces that peer over my shoulder.
The great hope of society is in individual character.
Pity is treason.
Crito, I owe a cock to Asclepius; will you remember to pay the debt?
Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right.
The Internet treats censorship as a malfunction and routes around it.
A desire to resist oppression is implanted in the nature of man.
Through clever and constant application of propaganda, people can be made to see paradise as hell, and also the other way round, to consider the most wretched sort of life as paradise.
What power has love but forgiveness? In other words by its intervention what has been done can be undone. What good is it otherwise?
The darkest hour in any man\'s life is when he sits down to plan how to get money without earning it.
Whatever brings you down, will eventually make you stronger.
I will always have this piece of my heart that smiles whenever I think about you.
Politics is supposed to be the second oldest profession. I have come to realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first.
The secret to success is constancy to purpose.
Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or who says it.
You can be up to your boobies in white satin, with gardenias in your hair and no sugar cane for miles, but you can still be working on a plantation.
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.
The old believe everything, the middle-aged suspect everything, the young know everything.
To be fond of learning is near to wisdom; to practice with vigor is near to benevolence; and to be conscious of shame is near to fortitude. He who knows these three things
He who stands for nothing will fall for anything.
You know, the market was down yesterday... my first thought when I heard-just on a personal basis, when I heard there had been this attack and I saw the futures this morning, which were really in the tank, I thought, Time to buy.
My biggest fear in life is to be forgotten.
I strive to be brief, and I become obscure.
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn\'t happen today.
The noblest motive is the public good.
I wish I could be there to hold u tight, instead of saying this loving good night.
All strange and terrible events are welcome, but comforts we despise.
Either we shall find what it is we are seeking or at least we shall free ourselves from the persuasion that we know what we do not know. 
A problem is a chance for you to do your best.
There is a point at which methods devour themselves.
To a young heart everything is fun.
There are very honest people who do not think that they have had a bargain unless they have cheated a merchant.
The only place where your dream becomes impossible is in your own thinking.
So this is how liberty dies. With thunderous applause.
A guilty conscience needs to confess. A work of art is a confession.
Make your ego porous. Will is of little importance complaining is nothing fame is nothing. Openness patience receptivity solitude is everything. 
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
The greatest education in the world is watching the masters at work.
Valor, glory, firmness, skill, generosity, steadiness in battle and ability to rule -- these constitute the duty of a soldier. They flow from his own nature.
A little less complaint and whining, and a little more dogged work and manly striving, would do us more credit than a thousand civil rights bills.
There is nothing so stable as change.
Who covets more is evermore a slave.
Every story has three sides. Yours, mine and the facts.
The rich man has his ice in the summer and the poor man gets his in the winter.
Be yourself, who else is better qualified?
Bad men are full of repentance.
He bores me. He ought to have stuck to his flying machine. On Leonardo Da Vinci
Men who are in earnest are not afraid of consequences.
I think Operation Smile is in more than 22 countries, mostly Third World. It just happened that my schedule opened up at the time they were heading to Vietnam.
There\'s nothing more important than our good health - that\'s our principal capital asset.
Honest disagreement is often a good sign of progress.
Glory built on selfish principles, is shame and guilt..
Even the bravest men are frightened by sudden terrors.
Revolutions are not made, they come.
Do we not realize that self respect comes with self reliance?
It requires a great deal of boldness and a great deal of caution to make a great fortune, and when you have it, it requires ten times as much skill to keep it.
Take only what you need and leave the land as you found it.
Etc= End of thinking Capacity.
At the shrine of friendship never say die, let the wine of friendship never run dry.
I was married to Margaret Joan Howe in 1940. Although not a scientist herself she has contributed more to my work than anyone else by providing a peaceful and happy home.
Some of the best memories are made in flip flops.
When we have lost everything, including hope, life becomes a disgrace and death a duty.
I was very influenced by Eric Clapton and Jimi Hendrix, both of whom I had the pleasure of playing with and becoming friends with.
The flowering of love is meditation.
Everyone has their weak spot. The one thing that, despite your best efforts, will always bring you to your knees, regardless of how strong you are otherwise.
Humility, that low, sweet root, from which all heavenly virtues shoot.
One person with a belief is worth 99 people who have only interests. 
Wisdom is the abstract of the past, but beauty is the promise of the future.
Religion is the everlasting dialogue between humanity and God. Art is its soliloquy.
The surest way to remain poor is to be an honest man.
Do not worry about holding high position; worry rather about playing your proper role.
He who goes against the fashion is himself its slave.
Some men there are love not a gaping pig, some that are mad if they behold a cat, and others when the bagpipe sings I the nose cannot contain their urine.
Watch out for emergencies. They are your big chance.
A friendship founded on business is a good deal better than a business founded on friendship.
This is the truth: as from a fire aflame thousands of sparks come forth, even so from the Creator an infinity of beings have life and to him return again.
I must follow the people. Am I not their leader?
I want women to be liberated and still be able to have a nice ass and shake it.
Your library is your paradise.
In the sky, there is no distinction of east and west; people create distinctions out of their own minds and then believe them to be true.
People need hard times and oppression to develop psychic muscles.
Everything is blooming most recklessly; if it were voices instead of colors, there would be an unbelievable shrieking into the heart of the night.
As to the advantages of temperance in the training of the armed forces and of its benefits to the members of the forces themselves, there can be no doubt in the world.
Haters will broadcast your failure, but whisper your success..
In the mountains the shortest route is from peak to peak, but for that you must have long legs. Aphorisms should be peaks: and those to whom they are spoken should be big and tall of stature.
City life is millions of people being lonesome together.
Im not sure if life is passing me by or trying to run me over.
Workers of the world unite; you have nothing to lose but your chains.
Black Power is giving power to people who have not had power to determine their destiny.
Listen to life, and you will hear the voice of life crying, Be!
The real evil with which we have to contend is not the physical evil of the Famine, but the moral evil of the selfish, perverse and turbulent character of the people.
Good things can be bad if you look on the dark side. But bad things can also be good if you look on the bright side.
Logic takes care of itself; all we have to do is to look and see how it does it.
Love makes the wildest spirit tame, and the tamest spirit wild.
Adolescence represents an inner emotional upheaval, a struggle between the eternal human wish to cling to the past and the equally powerful wish to get on with the future.
The cheerful loser is the winner.
Hard times call for awesome music.
Biochemically, love is just like eating large amounts of chocolate.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.
If you need a friend and there are a 100 steps bet when us, you can take the 1st step to get near me and I will take all 99 steps to be there for you.
Common sense is so rare these days. It should be classified as a super power.
Give me a smart idiot over a stupid genius any day.
Sometimes the dry tears are still wet, only because they are falling inside our HEARTS.
Hip-Hop isn\'t just music, it is also a spiritual movement of the blacks! You can\'t just call Hip-Hop a trend!
There is only one passion, the passion for happiness.
I may look happy, but you have no idea whats happening inside me.
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
A sex symbol becomes a thing. I hate being a thing.
Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Your than You
Planning is an unnatural process; it is much more fun to do something. The nicest thing about not planning is that failure comes as a complete surprise, rather than being preceded by a period of worry and depression.
We pass through this world but once. Few tragedies can be more extensive than the stunting of life, few injustices deeper than the denial of an opportunity to strive or even to hope, by a limit imposed from without, but falsely identified as lying within.
I shall soon be laid in the quiet grave - thank God for the quiet grave
Only lawyers and painters can turn white to black.
In spite of everything I shall rise again: I will take up my pencil, which I have forsaken in my great discouragement, and I will go on with my drawing.
Common sense is so rare, it should be classified as a super power.
The artist must bow to the monster of his own imagination.
This whole world is wild at heart and weird on top.
My life is one long curve, full of turning points.
Cheat me in the price, but not in the goods.
The quickest way to double your money is to fold it in half and put it in your back pocket.
It requires a great deal of boldness and a great deal of caution to make a great fortune, and when you have got it, it requires ten times as much wit to keep it.
How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard.
I search for the realness, the real feeling of a subject, all the texture around it... I always want to see the third dimension of something... I want to come alive with the object.
The worst pain a man can suffer: to have insight into much and power over nothing.
Life is unexplainable. So, dont try to explain it. Just live it
It takes many good deeds to build a good reputation, and only one bad one to lose it. !!
The deed is everything, the glory naught.
You cannot run faster than a bullet.
I went to the Glasgow Youth Theatre and they just let me in. But I was so shy that I was there for about six weeks without actually introducing myself.
The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who, in times of great moral crisis, maintain their neutrality.
The broad masses of a population are more amenable to the appeal of rhetoric than to any other force.
No enemy is worse than bad advice.
There is science, logic, reason; there is thought verified by experience. And then there is California.
To tax and to please, no more than to love and be wise, is not given to men.
The cloning of humans is on most of the lists of things to worry about from Science, along with behaviour control, genetic engineering, transplanted heads, computer poetry and the unrestrained growth of plastic flowers.
The rich man is always sold to the institution which makes him rich. Absolutely speaking, the more money, the less virtue.
For the first half of this century, High Court judges have been cautious to the point of timidity in expressing any criticism of governmental action; the independence of the judiciary has been of a decidedly subordinate character.
If you are pained by external things, it is not they that disturb you, but your own judgment of them. And it is in your power to wipe out that judgment now.
I think life is full of challenges and problems. We all make mistakes. Its not a bed of roses, and you have to work real hard at it.
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.
It is a happy talent to know how to play.
The wise are instructed by reason, average minds by experience, the stupid by necessity and the brute by instinct.
The way I work, the interview never becomes larger than the person being interviewed.
A man should not strive to eliminate his complexes but to get into accord with them: they are legitimately what directs his conduct in the world.
Nobody can do for little children what grandparents do. Grandparents sort of sprinkle stardust over the lives of little children.
Before the gates of excellence the high gods have placed sweat; long is the road thereto and rough and steep at first; but when the heights are reached, then there is ease, though grievously hard in the winning.
It is well to remember that the entire universe, with one trifling exception, is composed of others.
Foreign policy will require a strategic agility that, whenever possible, gets ahead of problems, strengthens U.S. security and alliances, and promotes American interests and credibility.
Math is like going to the gym for your brain. It sharpens your mind.
Happiness is not about getting what you want all the time, its about appreciating what you already have.
The darkest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain their neutrality in times of moral crisis.
Space has always been the spiritual dimension of architecture. It is not the physical statement of the structure so much as what it contains that moves us.
Risk! Risk Anything! Care no more for the opinion of others, for those other voices. Do the hardest thing on earth for you. Act for yourself. Face the truth.
A graceful taunt is worth a thousand insults.
One resolution I have made and try always to keep is this To rise above little things. 
The power of an air force is terrific when there is nothing to oppose it.
I suggest that what we want to do is not to leave to posterity a great institution, but to leave behind a great tradition of journalism ably practiced in our time.
There is something that is much more scarce, something finer far, something rarer than ability. It is the ability to recognize ability.
I have moved on from being a British parliamentarian, I have moved on from being a New Labour politician, I have moved on from being the supporter in the active day-to-day sense of Tony Blair.
What is wonderful about great literature is that it transforms the man who reads it towards the condition of the man who wrote.
Power Is Taken... Not Given
Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.
Respect for ourselves guides our morals, respect for others guides our manners.
I ran the wrong kind of business, but I did it with integrity.
Love is about growing together as a couple, learning about each other and not giving up.
My mother gave me my drive but my father gave me my dreams.
Patriotism is a kind of religion; it is the egg from which wars are hatched.
If I Had To Choose Between Breathing Or Loving You, I Would Say I Love You With My Last Breath!
Vos vestros servate, meos mihi linquite moresYou keep to your own ways, and leave mine to me
Men of principle are always bold, but those who are bold are not always men of principle.
An earthly kingdom cannot exist without inequality of persons. Some must be free, some serfs, some rulers, some subjects.
To fall in love is easy, even to remain in it is not difficult; our human loneliness is cause enough. But it is a hard quest worth making to find a comrade through whose steady presence one becomes steadily the person one desires to be.
Strength is born in the deep silence of long-suffering hearts; not amid joy.
There is no denying that Hitler and Stalin are alive today... they are waiting for us to forget, because this is what makes possible the resurrection of these two monsters.
Lean into the sharp points and fully experience them. The essence of bravery is being without self-deception. Wisdom is inherent in (understanding) emotions.
A graceful and pleasing figure is a perpetual letter of recommendation.
Her black is beautiful his society is ugly. 
If there is something to pardon in everything, there is also something to condemn.
Compound for sins they are inclined to by damning those they have no mind to.
Learners are encouraged to discover facts and relationships for themselves.
Beauty is everywhere a welcome guest.
Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, It might have been.
The arrogance of the young is a direct result of not having known enough consequences. The turkey that every day greedily approaches the farmer who tosses him grain is not wrong. It is just that no one ever told him about Thanksgiving.
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
Bite us once, shame on the dog; bite us repeatedly, shame on us for allowing it.
If you can look into the seeds of time, and say which grain will grow and which will not, speak then unto me.
It is one thing to show a man that he is in error, and another to put him in possession of truth.
He that is not handsome at 20, nor strong at 30, nor rich at 40, nor wise at 50, will never be handsome, strong, rich or wise.
Civilization exists by geological consent, subject to change without notice.
Hope sustains life, but misplaced hope prolongs recessions.
Being exposed to theory, stimulated by a basic love of concepts and mathematics, was a marvelous experience.
If I had no sense of humor, I would long ago have committed suicide.
It is better to beg forgiveness, than ask permission.
One of these days, is none of these days.
The best feeling in the world is knowing your presence and absence both mean something to someone.
Age is only a number, a cipher for the records. A man can\'t retire his experience. He must use it. Experience achieves more with less energy and time.
The best thing about being me, Im a limited edition, there are no other copies!
Less is only more where more is no good.
I drank at every vine.    The last was like the first.I came upon no wine  So wonderful as thirst.
A couple of years I taught in graduate programs at NYU and Columbia, in the early eighties.
My mother was a single mom, and most of the women I know are strong.
Injustice is relatively easy to bear; what stings is justice.
When there is no enemy within, the enemy outside can do you no harm.
The right of nature... is the liberty each man hath to use his own power, as he will himself, for the preservation of his own nature; that is to say, of his own life.
I like my coffee like I like my women. In a plastic cup.
The diversity of the phenomena of nature is so great, and the treasures hidden in the heavens so rich, precisely in order that the human mind shall never be lacking in fresh nourishment.
Good things, when short, are twice as good.
When a dog runs at you, whistle for him.
Sex without love is merely healthy exercise.
The future influences the present just as much as the past.
Radical simply means grasping things at the root.
We are a nation of communities... a brilliant diversity spread like stars, like a thousand points of light in a broad and peaceful sky.
Kindness begets kindness.
Expectation is the root of all heartache.
The basic premise of the Constitution was a separation of powers and a system of checks and balances because man was perceived as a fallen creature and would always yearn for more power.
Dreams are often most profound when they seem the most crazy.
Gossip is a sort of smoke that comes from the dirty tobacco-pipes of those who diffuse it: it proves nothing but the bad taste of the smoker.
Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing.
The holy passion of Friendship is of so sweet and enduring a nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to lend money.
I learned that if you want to make it bad enough, no matter how bad it is, you can make it.
Art raises its head where creeds relax.
Sometimes the person who made you stronger, is also your greatest weakness.
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It\'s the transition that\'s troublesome.
Money is flat and meant to be piled up.
Unquestionably, it is possible to do without happiness; it is done involuntarily by nineteen-twentieths of mankind.
A ship in harbor is safe, but that is not what ships are built for.
Good luck is a residue of preparation.
I understand why the Tories will be gunning for Alastair Campbell because they fear his campaigning skills.
The man who will use his skill and constructive imagination to see how much he can give for a dollar, instead of how little he can give for a dollar, is bound to succeed.
Ya know what I hate. Being ignored! If you dont want to talk to me anymore then just tell me and quit beating around the bush.
I am the last leaf on the tree, and the wind is blowing.
I am going to fight capitalism even if it kills me. It is wrong that people like you should be comfortable and well fed while all around you people are starving.
As dry leaves that before the wild hurricane fly, when they meet with an obstacle, mount to the sky. So up to the house-top the coursers they flew, with the sleigh full of toys, and St. Nicholas too.
Rapid population growth and technological innovation, combined with our lack of understanding about how the natural systems of which we are a part work, have created a mess.
There are no problems we cannot solve together, and very few that we can solve by ourselves.
Life is pain and the enjoyment of love is an anesthetic.
The things you think about determine the quality of your mind. Your soul takes on the color of your thoughts.
Bullshit might get you to the top, but it wont keep you there.
Hello. Cupid Called. He Says To Tell You That He Needs My Heart Back.
The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.
Strong people know how to keep their life in order. Even with tears in their eyes, they still manage to say,  Im OK  with a smile
Truth is heavy, so few men carry it.
There is no weapon in the feminine armory to which men are so vulnerable as they are to a smile.
Reason has always existed, but not always in a reasonable form.
The things you take for granted, someone else is praying for.
Better a broken promise than none at all.
Five percent of the people think;   ten percent of the people think they think;   and the other eighty-five percent would rather die than think.
The envious person grows lean with the fatness of their neighbor.
Time is the great equalizer in the field of morals.
My center is giving way, my right is in retreat; situation excellent. I shall attack.
The beauty of the soul shines out when a man bears with composure one heavy mischance after another, not because he does not feel them, but because he is a man of high and heroic temper.
Every seaman is not only a navigator, but a merchant and also a soldier.
Free speech is the whole thing, the whole ball game. Free speech is life itself.
Twenty years of romance make a woman look like a ruin, but twenty years of marriage make her something like a public building.
Power is given only to those who dare to lower themselves and pick it up. Only one thing matters, one thing; to be able to dare!
The force of selfishness is as inevitable and as calculable as the force of gravitation.
True love is not the number of kisses or how often you get them, true love is the feeling that still lingers long after the kiss is over.
You Must Be Jamaican, Because Jamaican Me Crazy.
The motto should not be: Forgive one another; rather understand one another.
Considering how dangerous everything is, nothing is really very frightening.
The great teams find a way to win.
The revolution is a dictatorship of the exploited against the exploiters.
The best teamwork comes from men who are working independently toward one goal in unison.
We sail within a vast sphere, ever drifting in uncertainty, driven from end to end.
Democracy is only an experiment in government, and it has the obvious disadvantage of merely counting votes instead of weighing them.
The end of man is action, and not thought, though it be of the noblest.
It all has to come from inside, though, I guess.
The beggar wears all colors fearing none.
Water is the softest thing, yet it can penetrate mountains and earth. This shows clearly the principle of softness overcoming hardness.
Regarding life, the wisest men of all ages have judged alike: it is worthless.
Unity and simplicity are the two true sources of beauty.
People change and things go wrong, but always remember, life goes on...
Never attempt to murder a man who is committing suicide.
Of course, it is not the employer who pays wages. He only handles the money. It is the product that pays wages and it is the management that arranges the production so that the product may pay the wages.
Medicine is my lawful wife and literature my mistress; when I get tired of one, I spend the night with the other.
The horror of wedlock, the most appalling, the most loathsome of all the bonds humankind has devised for its own discomfort and degradation.
I know where my priorities lie.
Those who are lifting the world upward and onward are those who encourage more than criticize.
Never deceive a friend.
The American Dream is still alive out there, and hard work will get you there. You don\'t necessarily need to have an Ivy League education or to have millions of dollars startup money. It can be done with an idea, hard work and determination.
The grim fact is that we prepare for war like precocious giants, and for peace like retarded pygmies.
I maintain my sanity by keeping my distance.
There aren\'t just bad people that commit genocide; we are all capable of it. It\'s our evolutionary history.
Opportunities are seldom labeled.
The March on Washington affirmed our values as a people: equality and opportunity for all. Forty-one years ago, during a time of segregation, these were an ideal.
Why is propaganda so much more successful when it stirs up hatred than when it tries to stir up friendly feeling?
This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness.
If you live among wolves you have to act like a wolf.
I weep for the liberty of my country when I see at this early day of its successful experiment that corruption has been imputed to many members of the House of Representatives, and the rights of the people have been bartered for promises of office.
Nothing we use or hear or touch can be expressed in words that equal what we are given by the senses.
Nothing is ever lost by courtesy. It is the cheapest of the pleasures; costs nothing and conveys much. It pleases him who gives and ;him who receives, and thus, like mercy, it is twice blessed.
I was street smart, but unfortunately the street was Rodeo Drive.
Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one.
Judicial abuse occurs when judges substitute their own political views for the law.
The optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds. The pessimist fears it is true.
I am not a hero but the brave men who died deserved this honor.
I like a lot of electronica. I like older jazz rather than newer.
Advertising moves people toward goods; merchandising moves goods toward people.
Make the most of the best and the least of the worst. 
The long run is what puts the tiger in the cat.
Great is the victory, but the friendship of all is greater.
Sweat is the cologne of accomplishment.
The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes.
The highest form of worship is the worship of unselfish Christian service. The greatest form of praise is the sound of consecrated feet seeking out the lost and helpless.
People say laughter is the best medicine. Your face must be curing the world.
Each and every Notary Public plays a crucial role in combating identity theft. They serve as our front line of defense and the public is safer because of the job they do.
A person may cause evil to others not only by his actions but by his inaction, and in either case he is justly accountable to them for the injury.
The way to Heaven is ascending; we must be content to travel uphill, though it be hard and tiresome, and contrary to the natural bias of our flesh.
Most people want to be the sun to brighten up your day. But I would rather be the moon that shines down on you in your darkest hour
I believe in everything until it\'s disproved. So I believe in fairies, the myths, dragons. It all exists, even if it\'s in your mind. Who\'s to say that dreams and nightmares aren\'t as real as the here and now?
It is not love that is blind, but jealousy.
Nature will bear the closest inspection. She invites us to lay our eye level with her smallest leaf, and take an insect view of its plain.
People never remember the million times you help them, only the one time you dont.
Fiction is to the grown man what play is to the child; it is there that he changes the atmosphere and tenor of his life.
The concept of the black and white people boils down to: No light without darkness—You depend on each other!
You kind of took it for granted around the Yankees that there was always going to be baseball in October.
We gain strength, and courage, and confidence by each experience in which we really stop to look fear in the face... we must do that which we think we cannot.
Times change, and we change with them.
Guilt is to danger, what fire is to gunpowder; a man need not fear to walk among many barrels of powder, if he have no fire about him.
Snowman wakes before dawn.
A spirit of national masochism prevails, encouraged by an effete corps of impudent snobs who characterize themselves as intellectuals.
I just love bossy women. I could be around them all day. To me, bossy is not a pejorative term at all. It means somebody\'s passionate and engaged and ambitious and doesn\'t mind leading.
Try a little harder to be a little better.
You can change friends but not neighbours.
Joy runs deeper than despair
Move on doesnt mean youll forget all the memories. Youll still remember it, but it doesnt affect you anymore.
Dogs have important jobs like barking when the doorbell rings but cats have no function in a house whatsoever.
Sometimes two people have to fall apart to realise how much they need to fall back together.
To an ordinary human being, love means nothing if it does not mean loving some people more than others.
Deep vengeance is the daughter of deep silence.
Self-expression must pass into communication for its fulfillment.
To be completely woman you need a master, and in him a compass for your life. You need a man you can look up to and respect. If you dethrone him it\'s no wonder that you are discontented, and discontented women are not loved for long.
There are 309 million people out there that are trying to improve their lot in life. And we\'ve got a system that allows them to do it.
Superstition sets the whole world in flames; philosophy quenches them.
Science is a game we play with God, to find out what his rules are.
My passion and great enjoyment for architecture, and the reason the older I get the more I enjoy it, is because I believe we - architects - can effect the quality of life of the people.
Four basic premises of writing: clarity, brevity, simplicity, and humanity.
Temptation is the fire that brings up the scum of the heart.
There is nothing more unaesthetic than a policeman.
Rather, I believe that it is very good, if, with the aid of his songs, we can be reminded, among other things, of the social conditions under which Schubert had to work.
Order and simplification are the first steps toward the master of a subject. The actual enemy is the unknown.
Nature, time and patience are the three great physicians.
I am hoping that I can be known as a great writer and actor some day, rather than a sex symbol.
I hate math but I love counting money.
If a country is to be corruption free and become a nation of beautiful minds, I strongly feel there are three key societal members who can make a difference. They are the father, the mother and the teacher.
One day I will find the right words and they will be simple. 
The fellow that has no money is poor. The fellow that has nothing but money is poorer still.
Who you are is why you choose the friends and situations in your life.
The first step toward greatness is to be honest.
Every great political campaign rewrites the rules; devising a new way to win is what gives campaigns a comparative advantage against their foes.
Vision without action is daydream. Action without vision is nightmare.
If it were customary to send little girls to school and teach them the same subjects as are taught to boys, they would learn just as fully and would understand the subtleties of all arts and sciences.
The hungry judges soon the sentence sign, and wretches hang that jurymen may dine.
Dependence begets subservience and venality, suffocates the germ of virtue, and prepares fit tools for the designs of ambition.
Women are like police, they can have all the evidence in the world but they still want a confession.
There are no second acts in American lives.
Big mouthfuls often choke.
And what is the greatest number? Number one.
Never compromise your values.
Dalam hidup kita, cuma satu yang kita punya, yaitu keberanian.  Kalau tidak punya itu, lantas apa harga hidup kita ini?
Countries across the world are taking action now to help them track paedophiles and terrorists who abuse new technology to plot their horrific crimes.
Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works.
It is only through labor and painful effort, by grim energy and resolute courage, that we move on to better things.
We have become a Nazi monster in the eyes of the whole world  bullies and bastards who would rather kill than live peacefully. We are whores for power and oil with hate and fear in our hearts 
Free will carried many a soul to hell, but never a soul to heaven.
Democracy is when the people keep a government in check.
Women are wiser than men because they know less and understand more.
Some of the greatest battles will be fought within the silent chambers of your own soul.
Yes, Mother. I can see you are flawed. You have not hidden it. That is your greatest gift to me.
The most beautiful clothes that can dress a woman are the arms of the man she loves.
A life of reaction is a life of slavery, intellectually and spiritually. One must fight for a life of action, not reaction.
One sees more clearly backward than forward.
A man with God is always in the majority.
Never give advice in a crowd.
Baseball is a simple game. If you have good players and if you keep them in the right frame of mind then the manager is a success.
People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them Benjamin Franklin said it first.
No shepherd and one herd Everybody wants the same everybody is the same whoever feels different goes voluntarily into a madhouse. 
Bad company corrupts good character.
The most powerful form of energy one can generate is not mechanical, electronic or even atomic energy, but prayer energy.
Where the law ends tyranny begins.
Hatred is gained as much by good works as by evil.
Travel is ninety percent anticipation and ten percent recollection.
Silence has so much meaning.
Let us not be content to wait and see what will happen, but give us the determination to make the right things happen.
Without consistency there is no moral strength.
Wise men talk because they have something to say fools talk bcoz they have to say something.
If you want to truly understand something, try to change it.
Trickery and treachery are the practices of fools that have not wits enough to be honest.
The wise man has long ears and a short tongue.
He who keeps his cool best wins.
Women who set a low value on themselves make life hard for all women.
As an architect you design for the present, with an awareness of the past, for a future which is essentially unknown.
Temperance is a tree which as for its root very little contentment, and for its fruit calm and peace.
The price of total freedom is total anarchy.
To finally move on and start something new, you must release the unchangeable past and embrace your future.
I talk to myself because i like dealing with a better class of people.
Alliances and international organizations should be understood as opportunities for leadership and a means to expand our influence, not as constraints on our power.
Society lives by faith, and develops by science.
Experience has taught me how important it is to just keep going, focusing on running fast and relaxed. Eventually it passes and the flow returns. It\'s part of racing.
Everyone, Republican or otherwise has their own particular part to play. No part is too great or too small, no one is too old or too young to do something.
I like being a strong, independent woman, and to be honest, I was never afraid to be on my own.
The fish is my friend too he said aloud. I have never seen or heard of such a fish. But I must kill him. I ma glad we do not have to kill the stars. 
A man in a passion rides a wild horse.
Everything is valuable only at two times; before getting it, and after losing it.
There is nothing - absolutely nothing - half so much worth doing as simply messing about in boats.
Freedom exists only with power.
There is no security on this earth. Only opportunity.
It is better either to be silent or to say things of more value than silence. Sooner throw a pearl at hazard than an idle or useless word; and do not say a little in many words but a great deal in a few.
Sometimes I hate my eyes,because its the only part of my face that cant hide my real emotions...
As I told you, from the time I was fifteen, I thought the theater was too much involved with actors trying to make the audience love them, being over emotional.
My different personalities leave me in peace now.
I do not know if the people of the United States would vote for superior men if they ran for office, but there can be no doubt that such men do not run.
King David and King Solomon Led merry, merry lives, With many, many lady friends And many, many wives; But when old age crept over them, With many, many qualms, King Solomon wrote the Proverbs And King David wrote the Psalms.
All of life is a dispute over taste and tasting.
The truest characters of ignorance are vanity, and pride and arrogance.
Civilized men are more discourteous than savages because they know they can be impolite without having their skulls split, as a general thing.
Costly thy habit as thy purse can buy, but not expressed in fancy; rich not gaudy; for the apparel oft proclaims the man.
He who refuses to do arithmetic is doomed to talk nonsense.
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do.
If opportunity doesnt knock, build a door
Goodness does not more certainly make men happy than happiness makes them good.
Learning why one great book is just like every other great book is the key to understanding literature
Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.
The stage is not merely the meeting place of all the arts, but is also the return of art to life.
Acknowledgement and celebration are essential to fueling passion, making people feel valid and valuable, and giving the team a real sense of progress that makes it all worthwhile.
There is no misfortune, but to bear it nobly is good fortune.
Within yourself deliverance must be searched for, because each man makes his own prison.
We cannot accomplish all that we need to do without working together.
From my rotting body, flowers shall grow and I am in them and that is eternity.
When I hear somebody sigh, Life is hard, I am always tempted to ask, Compared to what?
There is no shortcut to life. To the end of our days, life is a lesson imperfectly learned.
A public opinion poll is no substitute for thought.
Nobody can be happy all the time. Its not healthy to keep your hurt in or your tears.  But once they are out wipe them away, put a smile on your face, and walk away from whatever or whoever made you hurt
It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome.
I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen.
Honor lies in honest toil.
In that sweet mood when pleasant thoughts bring sad thoughts to the mind.
He who seldom speaks, and with one calm well-timed word can strike dumb the loquacious, is a genius or a hero.
Each relationship nurtures a strength or weakness within you.
Hold your head high, and your middle finger higher. Let him know what hes missing.
You have to set the tone and the pace, define objectives and strategies, demonstrate through personal example what you expect from others.
Every other author may aspire to praise; the lexicographer can only hope to escape reproach, and even this negative recompense has been yet granted to very few.
Give a man a dollar and you cheer his heart. Give him a dream and you challenge his heart. Give him Christ and you change his heart. Then the dollar and the dream become meaningful to him, and to others.
Do I listen to pop music because I\'m miserable or am I miserable because listen to pop music?
The commercialization of sport is the democratization of sport.
We can provide beta software to our developers in advance of the general public. We can easily link up with external partners, customers, and suppliers.
Plan more than you can do, then do it. Bite off more than you can chew, then chew it. Hitch your wagon to a star, keep your seat, and there you are
The freedom now desired by many is not freedom to do and dare but freedom from care and worry.
Rulers, who neither see, nor feel, nor know, but leech-like to their fainting country cling, till they drop, blind in blood, without a blow, -- a people starved and stabbed in the untilled field...
Power is the ultimate aphrodisiac.
We must not let daylight in upon the magic.
A flower cannot blossom without sunshine, and man cannot live without love.
Simple people... are very quick to see the live facts which are going on about them.
A man without a vote is man without protection.
The aim of art is not to represent the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance.
H.O.P.E: Have Only Positive Expectations.
Hate is only a form love that hasn\'t found a way to express itself logically.
A sign on the door of Opportunity reads Push.
Understanding is the reward of faith. Therefore seek not to understand that thou mayest believe, but believe, that thou mayest understand.
What you cannot enforce, do not command.
The real test of a man is not how well he plays the role he has invented for himself, but how well he plays the role that destiny assigned to him.
I will permit no man to narrow and degrade my soul by making me hate him.
A starving man will eat with the wolf.
Independence in the end is the fruit of injustice.
The Web as I envisaged it, we have not seen it yet. The future is still so much bigger than the past.
Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circles of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty.
A self-made man may prefer a self-made name.
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
There is no witness so terrible-no accuser so powerful as conscience which dwells within us.
Immortality is to live your life doing good things, and leaving your mark behind.
You\'re not supposed to be so blind with patriotism that you can\'t face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who says it.
Peace is not the absence of conflict, it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means.
Manipulation fueled with good intent can be a blessing. But when used wickedly it is the beginning of a magicians karmic calamity. 
If you want to fly with eagles than stop swimming with ducks.
I love going out and doing new things.
Dont be happy.I dont Really forgive people,I just pretend like its ok and wait for my turn to destroy them.
Never in my wildest dreams did I entertain the idea that I would become a fashion designer.
The lonely one offers his hand too quickly to whomever he encounters.
Rigid, the skeleton of habit alone upholds the human frame.
Out of difficulties grow miracles.
Lots of people know a good thing the minute the other fellow sees it first.
When meditation is mastered, the mind is unwavering like the flame of a lamp in a windless place.
Property is surely a right of mankind as real as liberty.
Someday, you will come to understand and accept that the sunset is every bit as beautiful as the sunrise.
He that rises late must trot all day.
Failure is feedback. And feedback is the breakfast of champions.
If we take care of the moments, the years will take care of themselves.
A warm smile is the universal language of kindness.
When you fear a foe, fear crushes your strength; and this weakness gives strength to your opponents.
A hero is born among a hundred, a wise man is found among a thousand, but an accomplished one might not be found even among a hundred thousand men.
A man is known by the company he avoids.
Luck? I don\'t know anything about luck. I\'ve never banked on it and I\'m afraid of people who do. Luck to me is something else: Hard work - and realizing what is opportunity and what isn\'t.
I already gave my best. I have no regrets at all.
The real persuaders are our appetites, our fears and above all our vanity. The skillful propagandist stirs and coaches these internal persuaders.
When I looked into your eyes I didnt see just you, I saw my today, my tomorrow and my future for the rest of my life..
Conscription if necessary, but not necessarily conscription.
You ask what is the use of classification, arrangement, systemization? I answer you: order and simplification are the first steps toward the mastery of a subject-the actual enemy is the unknown.
I dont always lose my phone but when I do its always on silent.
Am making some changes in my life..so leave me a message, if I dont get back to you, then you are one of my changes!!
No love for these bitches i said this year is all business.
I have nothing new to teach the world. Truth and Non-violence are as old as the hills. All I have done is to try experiments in both on as vast a scale as I could.
Where necessity ends, curiosity begins; and no sooner are we supplied with everything that nature can demand than we sit down to contrive artificial appetites.
To love beauty is to see light.
YOU have no idea how fast my heart beats when I  SEE YOU.
We do not want riches, we want peace and love.
Forbidden things have a secret charm.
India happens to be a rich country inhabited by very poor people.
The world began without man, and it will complete itself without him.
Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.
Nearly everything you do is of no importance, but it is important that you do it.
A girl can wait for the right man to come along but in the meantime that still doesn\'t mean she can\'t have a wonderful time with all the wrong ones.
What we once enjoyed and deeply loved we can never lose, For all that we love deeply becomes a part of us.
The Liberal State is a mask behind which there is no face; it is a scaffolding behind which there is no building.
Interest on debts grow without rain.
I have learned in whatsoever state I am, therewith to be content. Philippians 4:11
That which can be asserted without evidence, can be dismissed without evidence.
You cannot conceive, nor can I, of the appalling strangeness of the mercy of God.
Every morning you have two choices: Continue to sleep with dreams or wake up and chase your dreams. The choice is yours…
Crime is terribly revealing. Try and vary your methods as you will, your tastes, your habits, your attitude of mind, and your soul is revealed by your actions.
Memory believes before knowing remembers. Believes longer than recollects, longer than knowing even wonders.
Life is about learning; when you stop learning, you die.
And when he fell in whirlwind, he went down  As when a lordly cedar, green with boughs,  Goes down with a great shout upon the hills,  And leaves a lonesome place against the sky.
There are no uninteresting things, only uninterested people.
I meant to write about death, only life came breaking in as usual
Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming.
How strange that nature does not knock, and yet does not intrude!
Software is like entropy. It is difficult to grasp, weighs nothing, and obeys the second law of thermodynamics; i.e. it always increases.
Happiness is a virtue, not its reward.
I AM IGNORANT of absolute truth. But I am humble before my ignorance and therein lies my honor and my reward.
Public instruction should be the first object of government.
Capitalism and the market are presented as synonymous, but they are not. Capitalism is both the enemy of the market and democracy.
Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness.
Who could refrain that had a heart to love and in that heart courage to make love known?
I do love a man who can cook.
We all deal with being unfairly judged.
Some friends come into your life for a reason, others come only for a season.
I realized that If I had to choose, I would rather have birds than airplanes.
I wake up wanting to talk to you, I go to sleep thinking about you, and I dream about you holding me the way only you do. I miss you
The beauty myth is always actually prescribing behaviour and not appearance. 
Truth is the daughter of time, not of authority.
A candle may melt and its fire may die, but the luv you have given me will _always stay as a flame in my heart. Happy valentines day...
Preach the Gospel at all times and when necessary use words.
When You Sit Alone ...You Sit With Your Past ... :(
This report, by its very length, defends itself against the risk of being read.
Love hurts, love scars, love wounds, and mars.
The limited circle is pure. 
I decided to devote my life to telling the story because I felt that having survived I owe something to the dead. and anyone who does not remember betrays them again.
Education is what survives when what has been learned has been forgotten.
Saying goodbye is the most painful way of solving a problem.
The 8 Equities: Physical, Spiritual, Psychological, Intellectual, Emotional, Financial, Social and Family
Sometimes the only way to win the fight, is to just walk away.
Every person who wins in any undertaking must be willing to cut all sources of retreat. Only by doing so can one be sure of maintaining that state of mind known as a burning desire to win - essential to success.
I\'m not possessive, I\'m caring… Once you realize a person doesn\'t want that much care, you automatically back off.
My role model was my grandfather. He instilled in me the feeling that no matter how successful you are you have a responsibility to help others.
Knavery seems to be so much a the striking feature of its inhabitants that it may not in the end be an evil that they will become aliens to this kingdom.
The difference between genius and stupidity is; genius has its limits.
There\'s no reason to be the richest man in the cemetery. You can\'t do any business from there.
When a gifted team dedicates itself to unselfish trust and combines instinct with boldness and effort, its ready to climb.
The art of simplicity is a puzzle of complexity.
Good fences make good neighbors.
You cannot go ahead while you are getting even.
Was That An Earthquake Or Did You Just Rock My World?
Smiling when something dirty comes on your mind.
The worse a situation becomes the less it takes to turn it around, the bigger the upside.
The most spiritual human beings, assuming they are the most courageous, also experience by far the most painful tragedies: but it is precisely for this reason that they honor life, because it brings against them its most formidable weapons.
If you see someone without a smile, give them yours
Conventionality is not morality. Self-righteousness is not religion. To attack the first is not to assail the last. To pluck the mask from the face of the Pharisee is not to lift an impious hand to the Crown of Thorns.
Dear World, I am leaving because I am bored. I feel I have lived long enough. I am leaving you with your worries in this sweet cesspool. Good luck.
The results of philanthropy are always beyond calculation.
Ignorance is not innocence but sin.
We must remember that Satan has his miracles, too.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from a religious conviction.
Male supremacy has kept woman down. It has not knocked her out.
Wisdom is found only in truth.
There is a certain combination of anarchy and discipline in the way I work.
The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough.
Be patient, Ophelia.  Love,  Hamlet
The secret to happiness is freedom... And the secret to freedom is courage.
Debt is the slavery of the free.
Industry is the root of all ugliness.
Poverty is a noose that strangles humility and breeds disrespect for God and man.
Men are more easily governed through their vices than through their virtues.
I believe that time destroys everything. You can take one beautiful apple, red. After a while, it becomes shrivelled and full of worms, just like what happens to us.
They missed a great opportunity to shut up.
Cogito ergo sum.    <em>(I think, therefore I am.)</em>
Obviously, there is diversity, but Europe is a union of diversity.
Stop acting as if life is a rehearsal. Live this day as if it were your last. The past is over and gone. The future is not guaranteed.
Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes.
Service is the rent that you pay for room on this earth.
The eternal quest of the individual human being is to shatter his loneliness.
A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history.
He who would be a man must therefore be a non-conformist.
Illness is the night-side of life, a more onerous citizenship. Everyone who is born holds dual citizenship, in the kingdom of the well and in the kingdom of the sick.
He allowed us to choreograph the sex scenes.
I want a family someday and I know that I have to let love in to create that and I think there is someone out there for me, but I\'m not on some crazy hunt for that right now.
Compromise is a stalling between two fools.
Beauty is mysterious as well as terrible. God and devil are fighting there, and the battlefield is the heart of man.
He who gets a name for early rising can stay in bed until midday.
All my pupils are the creme de la creme. Give me a girl of an impressionable age, and she is mine for life.
How Much Does A Polar Bear Weigh? [How Much?] Enough To Break The Ice... Hi, Im (Insert Name Here).
Every good citizen makes his country\'s honor his own, and cherishes it not only as precious but as sacred. He is willing to risk his life in its defense and its conscious that he gains protection while he gives it.
A man only learns in two ways, one by reading, and the other by association with smarter people.
Lets Make Like A Fabric Softener And snuggle
When you meet a man, you judge him by his clothes; when you leave, you judge him by his heart.
Nihil est in intellectu quod non fuit prius in sensu:Nothing is in the understanding, which was not first perceived by some of the senses.
Education is the path from cocky ignorance to miserable uncertainty.
Big whirls have little whirls,  That feed on their velocity;  And little whirls have lesser whirls,  And so on to viscosity.
There is no off position on the genius switch.
Power is always dangerous. Power attracts the worst and corrupts the best.
There are worse things in life than death. Have you ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman?
Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it.
A poem begins with a lump in the throat, a home-sickness or a love-sickness. It is a reaching-out toward expression; an effort to find fulfillment. A complete poem is one where the emotion has found its thought and the thought has found the words.
When you see a worthy person, endeavor to emulate him. When you see an unworthy person, then examine your inner self.
No one appreciates the very special genius of your conversation as the dog does.
Remember tonight... for it is the beginning of always.
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others.
Feeling fat lasts nine months but the joy of becoming a mom lasts forever.
Communications is at the heart of e-commerce and community.
If God brings you to it, He will bring you through it.
There is no contradiction between effective law enforcement and respect for civil and human rights. Dr. King did not stir us to move for our civil rights to have them taken away in these kinds of fashions.
Without communication there is no relationship. Without respect there is no LOVE. Without trust there is no reason to continue.
Seeing death as the end of life is like seeing the horizon as the end of the ocean.
There are gods, but there is no God; and all gods become devils eventually.
Art is meant to disturb. Science reassures.
It occurred to me that there was no difference between men, in intelligence or race, so profound as the difference between the sick and the well.
Solitude has its own very strange beauty to it.
The thing that influenced me most was the way Tommy played his trombone. . . . It was my idea to make my voice work in the same way as a trombone or violin not sounding like them, but playing the voice like those instrumentalists.
Whenever men take the law into their own hands, the loser is the law. And when the law loses, freedom languishes.
Dear sleep, I know we had problems when I was younger but I love you now.
Hard work beats talent when talent fails to work hard.
The woods are lovely, dark and deep.But I have promises to keep,And miles to go before I sleepAnd miles to go before I sleep.
If all the year were playing holidays, to sport would be as tedious as to work; but when they seldom come, wished for come.
Be patient and understanding. Life is too short to be vengeful or malicious.
We invent the world through language. The world occurs through language.
Acting is the most personal of our crafts. The make-up of a human being - his physical, mental and emotional habits - influence his acting to a much greater extent than commonly recognized.
Misery is almost always the result of thinking.
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time.
Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths pure theatre.
The oppressed peoples can liberate themselves only through struggle. This is a simple and clear truth confirmed by history.
It is only when they go wrong that machines remind you how powerful they are.
I had to spend countless hours, above and beyond the basic time, to try and perfect the fundamentals.
The silliest woman can manage a clever man; but it needs a very clever woman to manage a fool.
One of the greatest diseases is to be nobody to anybody.
Palestine is the cement that holds the Arab world together, or it is the explosive that blows it apart.
The greatest single cause of atheism in the world today is Christians, who acknowledge Jesus with their lips and walk out the door and deny him with their life style. That is what an unbelieving world simply finds unbelievable.
By being natural and sincere one often can create revolutions without having sought them. 
Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.
In economics the majority is always wrong.
I speak two languages, Body and English.
The devil is the author of confusion.
Smoking kills. If you\'re killed, you\'ve lost a very important part of your life.
Don\'t let schooling interfere with your education.
The world is indeed comic, but the joke is on mankind.
Do not be angry with me if I tell you the truth
Vote for the man who promises least; he\'ll be the least disappointing.
Leaders come in many forms, with many styles and diverse qualities. There are quiet leaders and leaders one can hear in the next county. Some find strength in eloquence, some in judgment, some in courage.
But the whole point of liberation is that you get out. Restructure your life. Act by yourself.
After a rich man gets rich, his next ambition is to get richer.
Tolerance is another word for indifference.
There comes a time when walking away is the best for everyone.
Not knowing anything is the sweetest life.
The constant effort towards population, which is found even in the most vicious societies, increases the number of people before the means of subsistence are increased.
We are all born mad. Some remain so.
Writing is a really good first step toward that goal of knowing yourself.
Intuition is a spiritual faculty and does not explain, but simply points the way.
We come spinning out of nothingness, scattering stars like dust.
Blood alone moves the wheels of history.
Be like the bird who, pausing in her flight awhile on boughs too slight, feels them give way beneath her, and yet sings, knowing she hath wings.
Few things are impossible to diligence and skill. Great works are performed not by strength, but perseverance.
My favorite subject probably was math. I love math. Figures just intrigue me. I was really good at math. English probably was my worst subject. But I used to write a lot of poetry. I used to write poetry all the time.
When God hands you a gift, he also hands you a whip; and the whip is intended for self-flagellation solely.
For employee success, loyalty and integrity are equally as important as ability.
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together.
The world of reality has its limits; the world of imagination is boundless.
The disunited mind is far from wise; how can it meditate? How be at peace? When you know no peace, how can you know joy?
Nothing teaches us better than our own experiences!
I want to feel passion, I want to feel pain. I want to weep at the sound of your name. Come make me laugh, come make me cry... just make me feel alive.
Quakers almost as good as colored. They call themselves friends and you can trust them every time.
Perhaps all pleasure is only relief.
The Kurdish people have the right of self-determination like every other nation in the world.
Let us not be satisfied with just giving money. Money is not enough, money can be got, but they need your hearts to love them. So, spread your love everywhere you go.
The highest form of intelligence is the ability to observe without evaluating.
We learned about honesty and integrity - that the truth matters... that you don\'t take shortcuts or play by your own set of rules... and success doesn\'t count unless you earn it fair and square.
The most important thing when ill is to never lose heart.
Surely God would not have created such a being as man, with an ability to grasp the infinite, to exist only for a day! No, no, man was made for immortality.
I long, as does every human being, to be at home wherever I find myself.
It is more honorable to be raised to a throne than to be born to one. Fortune bestows the one, merit obtains the other.
Our biggest goal is to continue to force ourselves to always start our creative work on a white page and not take advantage of past successes and challenging ourselves.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
If you are doing your best, you will not have to worry about failure.
The virtues are lost in self-interest as rivers are lost in the sea.
The purpose of a writer is to keep civilization from destroying itself.
Work alone is noble.
If the people around you are spiteful and callous and will not hear you, fall down before them and beg their forgiveness; for in truth you are to blame for their not wanting to hear you.
I remember when staying up until midnight was hard to do, now its a bad habit.
We have a choice: to plow new ground or let the weeds grow.
There is no royal road to anything. One thing at a time, all things in succession. That which grows fast, withers as rapidly. That which grows slowly, endures.
One should not confuse the craving for life with endorsement of it.
I think the scariest person in the world is the person with no sense of humor.
The true genius shudders at incompleteness - and usually prefers silence to saying something which is not everything it should be.
The sun is gone, but I have a light.
Never believe anything in politics until it has been officially denied.
Give more. Expect less.
For too long in this society, we have celebrated unrestrained individualism over common community.
If you want to change the culture, you will have to start by changing the organization.
For there is no friend like a sister in calm or stormy weather; To cheer one on the tedious way, to fetch one if one goes astray, to lift one if one totters down, to strengthen whilst one stands.
Why is it so EASY to fail but so HARD to SUCCEED?
Pay attention to your enemies for they are the first to discover your mistakes.
Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.
The great end of education is to discipline rather than to furnish the mind; to train it to the use of its own powers, rather than fill it with the accumulation of others.
And forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair
There is nothing more tragic than to find an individual bogged down in the length of life, devoid of breadth.
Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere.
Death -- the last sleep? No, it is the final awakening.
Journalism is literature in a hurry.
Take care of all your memories. For you cannot relive them.
No pain, no palm; no thorns, no throne; no gall, no glory; no cross, no crown.
What holds the world together, as I have learned from bitter experience, is sexual intercourse.
Everybody has a weakness. Mine is food.
Practice does not make perfect, perfect practice makes perfect.
It is your own convictions which compels you; that is, choice compels choice.
Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.
Travel, of course, narrows the mind.
Love me or hate me, Scary Spice is back.
And ever has it been known that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
What reinforcement we may gain from hope; If not, what resolution from despair.
A short story is a different thing all together - a short story is like a kiss in the dark from a stranger.
Rules are not necessarily sacred, principles are.
Religion is the idol of the mob; it adores everything it does not understand.
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
There are children playing in the streets who could solve some of my top problems in physics, because they have modes of sensory perception that I lost long ago.
So far, about morals, I know only that what is moral is what you feel good after and what is immoral is what you feel bad after.
In a mad world, only the mad are sane.
The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn.
Replace fear of the unknown with curiosity.
There is only one woman in the world. One woman, with many faces.
Nothing ventured, nothing gained -- but if everything is ventured, and still nothing gained, give up and venture elsewhere.
Education is the cheap defense of nations.
I think that if you shake the tree, you ought to be around when the fruit falls to pick it up.
All successful revolutions are the kicking in of a rotten door. The violence of revolutions is the violence of men who charge into a vacuum.
The society which scorns excellence in plumbing as a humble activity and tolerates shoddiness in philosophy because it is an exalted activity will have neither good plumbing nor good philosophy: neither its pipes nor its theories will hold water.
We are twice armed if we fight with faith.
Planning ahead is a measure of class. The rich and even the middle class plan for future generations, but the poor can plan ahead only a few weeks or days.
The purpose of law is to prevent the strong always having their way.
Life would be tragic if it weren\'t funny.
There is nothing new in the world except the history you do not know.
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.
Im not ashamed to dress like a woman because I dont think its shameful to be a woman. 
First of all, I really never imagined myself being a professional athlete.
Punishment is now unfashionable... because it creates moral distinctions among men, which, to the democratic mind, are odious. We prefer a meaningless collective guilt to a meaningful individual responsibility.
You must capture and keep the heart of the original and supremely able man before his brain can do its best.
Enough shovels of earth -- a mountain. Enough pails of water -- a river.
The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone else he can blame it on.
The only thing worth living for, and dying for, is love.
I am not yet ready to be Tsar. I know nothing of the business of ruling.
I sort of always like to write starting with when I learned how.
You are better than my dream girl because you are real.
Society never advances. It recedes as fast on one side as it gains on the other. Society acquires new arts, and loses old instincts.
That translucent alabaster of our memories.
Death is an evil; the gods have so judged; had it been good, they would die.
Our American heritage is threatened as much by our own indifference as it is by the most unscrupulous office or by the most powerful foreign threat. The future of this republic is in the hands of the American voter.
No nude scenes. No sex-symbol parts. I want people to recognize me for my work, not just for being pretty.
A good stance and posture reflect a proper state of mind.
I believe in human beings, and that all human beings should be respected as such, regardless of their color.
To be immortal is commonplace; except for man, all creatures are immortal, for they are ignorant of death; what is divine, terrible, incomprehensible, is to know that one is immortal.
In War: Resolution. In Defeat: Defiance. In Victory: Magnanimity. In Peace: Goodwill.
Sometimes a fake smile is the only way to deal with real life
Blessed is the man who, having nothing to say, abstains from giving in words evidence of the fact.
With courage you will dare to take risks, have the strength to be compassionate and the wisdom to be humble. Courage is the foundation of integrity.
Mix with people with a good attitude.
Everything worth anything is both terrifying and beautiful, like the first time you do something you know is wrong, you know its wrong and yet, you do it anyway
Revenge has no more quenching effect on emotions than salt water has on thirst.
Resolve to edge in a little reading every day, if it is but a single sentence. If you gain fifteen minutes a day, it will make itself felt at the end of the year.
Wives are young men\'s mistresses, companions for middle age, and old men\'s nurses.
Always be true to yourself, dont live by the opinions or choices of others, but by your own..
Stupidity is the fundamental driving force of the Universe, which explains why stupid people always go wrong.
The trite saying that honesty is the best policy has met with the just criticism that honesty is not policy. The real honest man is honest from conviction of what is right, not from policy.
Jealousy is no more than feeling alone against smiling enemies.
Religion is the state of being grasped by an ultimate concern, a concern which qualifies all other concerns as preliminary and which itself contains the answer to the question of a meaning of our life.
I never feel alone bcz loneliness is always with me.
Public opinion is the thermometer a monarch should constantly consult.
Judge a man by the reputation of his enemies.
If the single man plant himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abide, the huge world will come round to him.
Whenever a thing is done for the first time, it releases a little demon.
Pale death with an impartial foot knocks at the hovels of the poor and the palaces of king.
Music is good to the melancholy, bad to those who mourn, and neither good or bad to the deaf.
I wish that every human life might be pure transparent freedom.
The greatest accomplishment is not in never falling, but in rising again after you fall.
God sells us all things at the price of labor.
The thoughtful soul to solitude retires.
The goal is to try and make the perfect song. Which of course will never happen.
A good wife always forgives her husband when shes wrong.
Think lightly of yourself and deeply of the world.
Sex: the pleasure is momentary, the position ridiculous, and the expense damnable.
Wrinkles will only go where the smiles have been.
There is nothing more attractive than a man who is not a New Man.
If you want a wise answer, ask a reasonable question.
We are constantly protecting the male ego, and it\'s a disservice to men. If a man has any sensitivity or intelligence, he wants to get the straight scoop from his girlfriend.
Strong and bitter words indicate a weak cause.
Educate and inform the whole mass of the people... They are the only sure reliance for the preservation of our liberty.
Life is hard. Then you die. Then they throw dirt in your face. Then the worms eat you. Be grateful it happens in that order.
The dung beetle, seeing its child on the wall, thinks it sees a pearl on a thread.
In a state where corruption abounds, laws must be very numerous.
Our life dreams the Utopia. Our death achieves the Ideal.
Life affords no greater responsibility, no greater privilege, than raising of the next generation.
As a wicked man I am a complete failure. Why, there are lots of people who say I have never really done anything wrong in the whole course of my life. Of course they only say it behind my back.
Suit the action to the word, the word to the action; with this special observation, that you overstep not the modesty of nature.
Sunday already, now where is the weekend remote so I can hit the rewind button.
Success makes a fool seem wise.
Teamwork is like a jigsaw puzzle, it is only when everyone delivers their piece correctly that the big picture is successfully achieved.
Faith is permitting ourselves to be seized by the things we do not see.
Making love in the morning got me through morning sickness. I found I could be happy and throw up at the same time.
One cannot plan for the unexpected.
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well.
Everyone comes in our life for a reason. Those who dont have any, stay.
Peace hath higher tests of manhood, than battle ever knew.
All life demands struggle. Those who have everything given to them become lazy, selfish, and insensitive to the real values of life. The very striving and hard work that we so constantly try to avoid is the major building block in the person we are today.
There is no such thing as inner peace. There is only nervousness or death. Any attempt to prove otherwise constitutes unacceptable behavior.
Bravery and stupidity go hand in hand.
Without craftsmanship, inspiration is a mere reed shaken in the wind.
The noble soul has reverence for itself.
Capital is dead labor, which, vampire-like, lives only by sucking living labor, and lives the more, the more labor it sucks.
The difference between failure and success is doing a thing nearly right and doing it exactly right.
Sleeping is nice. You forget about everything for a little while.
An intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools.
Sweets to the sweet.
All great deeds and all great thoughts have a ridiculous beginning.
Short lived pleasure is the parent of pain.
Di naman iiyak ang mundo sa isang tao lang... 
The first rule of focus is Wherever you are be there.
Men, it has been well said, think in herds; it will be seen that they go mad in herds, while they only recover their senses slowly, and one by one.
This is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment. First to let go of life. Finally, to take a step without feet.
Man is a two-legged animal without feathers.
Part of being a true leader is not always needing to be the leader
Money is a good servant, but a poor master.
What I am defending is the real rights of women. A woman should have the right to be in the home as a wife and mother.
In my opinion, love is not a feeling. But love creates a feeling that never vanishes.
Definition of Politics: Poli in latin meaning many and tics meaning blood-sucking parasites.
He who dies with the most toys is, nonetheless, still dead.
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
Good management consists in showing average people how to do the work of superior people.
Live by this credo: have a little laugh at life and look around you for happiness instead of sadness. Laughter has always brought me out of unhappy situations.
There is nothing better than a friend unless it is a friend with chocolate. 
The tyrant dies and his rule is over, the martyr dies and his rule begins.
What is reading, but silent conversation.
Once all struggle is grasped, miracles are possible.
It takes two to speak the truth: one to speak, and another to hear.
The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people.
A woman\'s best protection is a little money of her own.
Of all the dramatic media, radio is the most visual.
We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far.
Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants. We know more about war that we know about peace, more about killing that we know about living.
Oats: a grain, which in England is generally given to horses, but in Scotland supports the people.
Everyone is necessarily the hero of his own life story.
The world is changing very fast. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow.
The black holes of nature are the most perfect macroscopic objects there are in the universe: the only elements in their construction are our concepts of space and time.
Only in men\'s imagination does every truth find an effective and undeniable existence. Imagination, not invention, is the supreme master of art as of life.
That is what friendship means. Sharing the prejudice of experience.
Hell, there are no rules here, we are trying to accomplish something.
Action and reaction, ebb and flow, trial and error, change - this is the rhythm of living. Out of our over-confidence, fear; out of our fear, clearer vision, fresh hope. And out of hope, progress.
Forgiveness is a promise, not a feeling. When you forgive other people, you are making a promise not to use their past sins against them.
Grant stood by me when I was crazy, and I stood by him when he was drunk, and now we stand by each other.
Alcohol is the anesthesia by which we endure the operation of life.
I began wearing hats as a young lawyer because it helped me to establish my professional identity. Before that, whenever I was at a meeting, someone would ask me to get coffee...
I write differently from what I speak, I speak differently from what I think, I think differently from the way I ought to think, and so it all proceeds into deepest darkness.
It was my father who taught me to value myself. He told me that I was uncommonly beautiful and that I was the most precious thing in his life.
Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly.
A garden is a grand teacher. It teaches patience and careful watchfulness; it teaches industry and thrift; above all it teaches entire trust.
Who has never tasted what is bitter does not know what is sweet.
Heart disease continues to be the number one killer; cancer, the number 2 killer, not far behind. The tragic aspect of these deadly diseases is that they could all be cured, I do believe, if we had sufficient funding.
A prince never lacks legitimate reasons to break his promise.
The art of healing comes from nature, not from the physician. Therefore the physician must start from nature, with an open mind.
Every judgement of conscience, be it right or wrong, be it about things evil in themselves or morally indifferent, is obligatory, in such wise that he who acts against his conscience always sins.
Architecture begins where engineering ends.
The proper study of Mankind is Man.
Nobody ever defended anything successfully, there is only attack and attack and attack some more.
The purpose of getting power is to be able to give it away.
Towering genius disdains a beaten path.
Sincerity in society is like an iron girder in a house of cards.
Tough times dont last, but tough people do.
The truth will set you free. But not until it is finished with you.
The great omission in American life is solitude; not loneliness, for this is an alienation that thrives most in the midst of crowds, but that zone of time and space free from outside pressure which is the incubator of the spirit.
I doubt whether classical education ever has been or can be successfully carried out without corporal punishment.
The pursuit of perfection often impedes improvement.
When one man, for whatever reason, has the opportunity to lead an extraordinary life, he has no right to keep it to himself.
Language exerts hidden power, like the moon on the tides.
Capitalism is the astounding belief that the most wickedest of men will do the most wickedest of things for the greatest good of everyone.
Few sinners are saved after the first twenty minutes of a sermon.
The miracle is not that we do this work, but that we are happy to do it.
What is a friend? I will tell you... it is someone with whom you dare to be yourself.
Rap is rhythm and poetry. Hip-hop is storytelling and poetry as well.
God only gives three answers to prayer: 1. Yes 2. Not yet. 3. I have something better in mind.
The pursuit of beauty is much more dangerous nonsense than the pursuit of truth or goodness, because it affords a stronger temptation to the ego.
Without Freedom of Thought, there can be no such Thing as Wisdom; and no such Thing as publick Liberty, without Freedom of Speech.
Sorry, I dont have time to hate you as much as you hate me bcoz Im busy Loving the people that love me.
Fear always springs from ignorance.
Sensible and responsible women do not want to vote. The relative positions to be assumed by man and woman in the working out of our civilization were assigned long ago by a higher intelligence than ours.
No pen can give an adequate description of the all-pervading corruption produced by slavery.
There is no such condition as schizophrenia, but the label is a social fact and the social fact a political event.
Change is hard because people overestimate the value of what they have and underestimate the value of what they may gain by giving that up
When nothing goes right! GO LEFT
The past cannot be cured.
Make a habit of two things: to help; or at least to do no harm.
Advice is the only commodity on the market where the supply always exceeds the demand.
The past is our definition. We may strive with good reason to escape it, or to escape what is bad in it. But we will escape it only by adding something better to it.
If you treat me like an option, Ill leave you like a choice.
Youre only young once but you can be immature forever 
Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak.
It\'s fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
It is better to light a candle than curse the darkness.
Next to doing the right thing, the most important thing is to let people know you are doing the right thing.
Government loses its claim to legitimacy when it fails to fulfill its obligations.
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else.
There comes a time when the mind takes a higher plane of knowledge but can never prove how it got there.
The aim of medicine is to prevent disease and prolong life, the ideal of medicine is to eliminate the need of a physician.
The human foot is a masterpiece of engineering and a work of art.
My dreams are of water. And my nightmares.
Money is like muck, not good except it be spread.
One day I sat thinking, almost in despair; a hand fell on my shoulder and a voice said reassuringly: cheer up, things could get worse. So I cheered up and, sure enough, things got worse.
Human society sustains itself by transforming nature into garbage.
Be strong in body, clean in mind, lofty in ideals.
Language is legislation, speech is its code. We do not see the power which is in speech because we forget that all speech is a classification, and that all classifications are oppressive.
Springtime is the land awakening. The March winds are the morning yawn.
At a round table there is no dispute about place.
Let me never fall into the vulgar mistake of dreaming that I am persecuted whenever I am contradicted.
In coming to that agreement, my party had a clear philosophy throughout. In Northern Ireland, we should have institutions that respected the differences of the people and that gave no victory to either side.
We have in the service the scum of the earth as common soldiers.
Love makes you hold on to things you should not but who are we to know any better?
I hate books; they only teach us to talk about things we know nothing about.
Great is the guilt of an unnecessary war.
If way to the better there be, it exacts a full look at the worst.
The more sand has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it.
Did You Fart, Cause You Blew Me Away.
We are all born with a unique genetic blueprint, which lays out the basic characteristics of our personality as well as our physical health and appearance... And yet, we all know that life experiences do change us.
Tolerance is a very dull virtue. It is boring. Unlike love, it has always had a bad press. It is negative. It merely means putting up with people, being able to stand things.
Can you do it When the time comes When the time comes there will be no time. Now is the time. Curse God and die. What if it doesnt fire It has to fire. Could you crush that beloved skull with a rock 
I felt profoundly ashamed, I was very much upset.
It is not true that nice guys finish last. Nice guys are winners before the game ever starts.
So vast is art, so narrow human wit.
Easy is to judge the mistakes of others. Difficult is to recognize our own mistakes.
Hence it comes about that all armed Prophets have been victorious, and all unarmed Prophets have been destroyed.
I see that old flagpole still stands. Have your troops hoist the colors to its peak, and let no enemy ever haul them down.
Necessity knows no law except to conquer.
The whole commerce between master and slave is a perpetual exercise of the most boisterous passions, the most unremitting despotism on the one part, and degrading submissions on the other. Our children see this, and learn to imitate it.
Start wide, expand further, and never look back.
Although fate presents the circumstances, how you react depends on your character
Any book that helps a child to form a habit of reading, to make reading one of his deep and continuing needs, is good for him.
When in doubt, ask. When not in doubt, ask.
An angry man is again angry with himself when he returns to reason.
It is not wisdom but Authority that makes a law.
A committee is an animal with four back legs.
You must train your intuition -- you must trust the small voice inside you which tells you exactly what to say, what to decide.
The pain of having a broken heart is not so much as to kill you, yet not so little as to let you live.
I never paint dreams or nightmares. I paint my own reality.
Guardians are necessary for children and abnormal adults, because they cannot make responsible choices for themselves.
So long as the memory of certain beloved friends lives in my heart, I shall say that life is good.
A multitude of laws in a country is like a great number of physicians, a sign of weakness and malady.
Tomorrow, you promise yourself, will be different, yet, tomorrow is too often a repetition of today.
The one who pleased everybody died before they were born.
Who ceases to be a friend never was one.
War may sometimes be a necessary evil. But no matter how necessary, it is always an evil, never a good. We will not learn how to live together in peace by killing each other\'s children.
The best time to make friends is before you need them.
I Wish you to have a beautiful life together.
I want to talk to you about one of the biggest myths in medicine, and that is the idea that all we need are more medical breakthroughs and then all of our problems will be solved.
Everyone should have health insurance? I say everyone should have health care. I\'m not selling insurance.
The main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing.
The drums of Africa still beat in my heart. They will not let me rest while there is a single Negro boy or girl without a chance to prove his worth.
There are many talented people who haven\'t fulfilled their dreams because they over thought it, or they were too cautious, and were unwilling to make the leap of faith.
All great men are gifted with intuition. They know without reasoning or analysis, what they need to know.
Nothing is more dangerous than a dogmatic worldview - nothing more constraining, more blinding to innovation, more destructive of openness to novelty.
Discord is the great ill of mankind; and tolerance is the only remedy for it.
Write with passion and purpose!
You just keep pushing. You just keep pushing. I made every mistake that could be made. But I just kept pushing.
The first hen that cackles is the one that laid the egg.
Truth fears nothing but concealment.
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height.
Business today consists in persuading crowds.
I believe health care is a civil right.
Men seldom rise from low condition to high rank without employing either force or fraud, unless that rank should be attained either by gift or inheritance.
I like guys who are confident but not cocky, who are comfortable with themselves, and who know what they want.
The face of evil is always the face of total need.
Commitment leads to action. Action brings your dream closer.
Self-sacrifice is the real miracle out of which all the reported miracles grow.
There are no necessary evils in government. Its evils exist only in its abuses.
A person who irritates you is always the one who loves you very much but fails to express it.
Our energy is in proportion to the resistance it meets. We attempt nothing great but from a sense of the difficulties we have to encounter; we persevere in nothing great but from a pride in overcoming them.
Live your life, do your work, then take your hat.
Grow old with me! The best is yet to be.
The institution of chivalry forms one of the most remarkable features in the history of the Middle Ages.
Laughter is nothing else but a sudden glory arising from some sudden conception of some eminency in ourselves, by comparison with the infirmity of others, or with our own formerly.
By studying the principles of symbolism we can learn not to be unconsciously influenced by language, and in this way can escape a host of erroneous notions.
The food industry profits from providing poor quality foods with poor nutritional value that people eat a lot of.
I was trying to learn about Lyndon Johnson when he was young and creating his first political machine in the Texas hill country. I moved there for three years. You had to learn that world.
Experience is a cruel teacher. It gives you exam first and lesson later.
Over my slumber your loving watch keep – Rock me to sleep, mother; rock me to sleep.
What one generation sees as a luxury, the next sees as a necessity.
Take not from the mouth of labor the bread it has earned.
The best time for you to hold your tongue is the time you feel you must say something or bust.
I don\'t have pet peeves; I have whole kennels of irritation.
Being positive doesnt mean ignoring the negative. Being positive means overcoming the negative.
Pharma industry is the art of making billions from milligrams.
The young man who has not wept is a savage, and the older man who will not laugh is a fool.
Trust can be lost within seconds, takes a lifetime to regain, and is still never as strong.
When I approach a child He inspires in me two sentiments:Tenderness for what he is,And respect for what he may become.
The travel and tourism industry is the lifeblood of many states around the country - including Florida, California, New York and Nevada, to name a few.
I\'m a Gemini, so I change my mind every day.
I hate newspapermen. They come into camp and pick up their camp rumors and print them as facts. I regard them as spies, which, in truth, they are. If I killed them all there would be news from Hell before breakfast.
Judaism is an intellectually based religion, and the single most important theme is that of study.
Atheism is aristocratic; the idea of a great Being that watches over oppressed innocence and punishes triumphant crime is altogether popular.
Stagnation is something worse than death; it is corruption also.
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.
There are no words to describe the anger and frustration that I am feeling right now.
I am Neither Batman Nor Superman However i am superhero for my women..!
A problem clearly stated is a problem half solved.
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.
The test of good citizenship is loyalty to country.
Zoos are becoming facsimiles - or perhaps caricatures - of how animals once were in their natural habitat. If the right policies toward nature were pursued, we would need no zoos at all.
The opposite of love is not hate, it\'s indifference.
Theory is splendid but until put into practice, it is valueless.
In prosperity our friends know us; in adversity we know our friends.
Genius is only a superior power of seeing.
Santa is always jolly, he knows where the naughty girls live.
Be Brave? Even if you are not pretend to be. No one can tell the difference.
I\'m into very colorful food. Obviously lots of flavor, but I think we eat with our eyes first, so it has to look great. The presentation has to be great.
Great art picks up where nature ends.
Too often we think we can act without explaining and take decisions without justifying them.
Health is the greatest possession. Contentment is the greatest treasure. Confidence is the greatest friend. Non-being is the greatest joy.
Battles are won by slaughter and maneuver. The greater the general, the more he contributes in maneuver, the less he demands in slaughter.
Repentant tears wash out the stain of guilt.
Republics decline into democracies and democracies degenerate into despotisms.
We fly to beauty as an asylum from the terrors of our finite natures.
It is human nature to hate him whom you have injured.
That man never grows old who keeps a child in his heart.
The secret of contentment is knowing how to enjoy what you have, and to be able to lose all desire for things beyond your reach.
Beauty in things exists in the mind which contemplates them.
If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life.
Chop your own wood, and it will warm you twice.
Seven days without love makes one weak.
To see your drama clearly is to be liberated from it.
A love affair with knowledge will never end in heartbreak.
We must go beyond textbooks, go out into the bypaths and untrodden depths of the wilderness and travel and explore and tell the world the glories of our journey.
I do not believe that I am a vindictive man but when the immortal gods take a hand in the matter it is pardonable to observe the results with complacency. 
If the person at the wheel refuses to ask for directions, it is time for a new driver.
More than an end to war, we want an end to the beginning of all wars - yes, an end to this brutal, inhuman and thoroughly impractical method of settling the differences between governments.
The best inheritance a parent can give his children is a few minutes of his time each day.
True heroism is remarkably sober, very undramatic. It is not the urge to surpass all others at whatever cost, but the urge to serve others, at whatever cost.
All that live must die, passing through nature to eternity.
My great hope is to laugh as much as I cry to get my work done and try to love somebody and have the courage to accept the love in return.
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome.
The Earth is the cradle of humanity, but mankind cannot stay in the cradle forever.
The logic of the world is prior to all truth and falsehood.
For he who lives more lives than one: More deaths than one must die.
Words, like eyeglasses, blur everything that they do not make more clear.
The nice thing about teamwork is that you always have others on your side.
It is a cliche that most cliches are true, but then like most cliches, that cliche is untrue.
If you kneel before God, you will stand before men.
Call it what you will, incentives are what get people to work harder.
We shape our dwellings, and afterwards our dwellings shape us.
No man is truly married until he understands every word his wife is NOT saying.
Doubt is the father of invention.
It is not true that we have only one life to live; if we can read, we can live as many more lives and as many kinds of lives as we wish.
You are a little soul carrying around a corpse.
You Always Get Hurt The Moment You Begin To Care.
Other things may change us, but we start and end with family.
Definition of Statistics: The science of producing unreliable facts from reliable figures.
Regard your soldiers as your children, and they will follow you into the deepest valleys; look on them as your own beloved sons, and they will stand by you even unto death.
The lake and the mountains have become my landscape, my real world.
It doesn\'t matter who hurt you, or broke you down, what matters is who made you smile again.
Self-worth comes from one thing -- thinking that you are worthy.
Seek wisdom, not knowledge. Knowledge is of the past, Wisdom is of the future.
Not everyone can see the truth, but he can be it.
One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes a revolution in order to establish a dictatorship.
Is it better for a man to have chosen evil than to have good imposed upon him?
Dodging and burning are steps to take care of mistakes God made in establishing tonal relationships.
If they love you to death never die on them.
Whenever the people are well informed, they can be trusted with their own government; that whenever things get so far wrong as to attract their notice, they may be relied on to set them to rights.
Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don\'t know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is!
Youth is the best time to be rich; and the best time to be poor.
When I think over what I have said, I envy dumb people.
A throne is only a bench covered with velvet.
I am dying with the help of too many physicians.
I am a Republican, a black, dyed in the wool Republican, and I never intend to belong to any other party than the party of freedom and progress.
A thousand years scarce serve to form a state; an hour may lay it in the dust.
I am sorry for being my self and im sorry for you and your greedy ways .
Hey,you are reading my status again??
Worry less. Smile more. Listen carefully. Take responsibility. Accept what you cant change. Embrace the lessons. Love your life. Today.
Expect the best, plan for the worst, and prepare to be surprised.
Life is pretty simple: You do some stuff. Most fails. Some works. You do more of what works. If it works big, others quickly copy it. Then you do something else. The trick is the doing something else.
Whether the knife falls on the melon or the melon on the knife, the melon suffers.
Create your own visual style... let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others.
From the first day to this, sheer greed was the driving spirit of civilization.
Master books, but do not let them master you. Read to live, not live to read.
Be careful how you live; you will be the only Bible some people ever read.
There are some ideas so wrong that only a very intelligent person could believe in them.
When a girl ceases to blush, she has lost the most powerful charm of her beauty.
We have always found the Irish a bit odd. They refuse to be English.
Memories are wonderful to make.. But sometimes painful to remember.
Nobody has a more sacred obligation to obey the law than those who make the law.
Old myths, old gods, old heroes have never died. They are only sleeping at the bottom of our mind, waiting for our call. We have need for them. They represent the wisdom of our race.
Where one door closes, another opens.
Life is uncharted territory. It reveals its story one moment at a time.
The British seizure of Hongkong was an aspect of one of the most ugly crimes of the British Empire: the takeover and destruction of India, and the use of India to flood China with opium.
Every day is a gift- even if it sucks.
Life is a gift. Never take it for granted.
Like everything metaphysical the harmony between thought and reality is to be found in the grammar of language.
Be not disturbed at being misunderstood; be disturbed at not understanding.
If women were as fastidious as men, morally or physically, there would be an end of the race.
All that we are is the result of what we have thought
History is a cyclic poem written by time upon the memories of man.
If an ordinary person is silent, it may be a tactical maneuver. If a writer is silent, he is lying.
In politics, nothing happens by accident. If it happens, you can bet it was planned that way.
All television is educational television. The question is: what is it teaching?
Hello my love. Its getting cold on this island. Im sad alone. Im so sad on my own.
Our party for the longest time has relied on the votes of white guys. I think that all of these candidates are going to improve our party, our policies, and our nation.
No fancy words, long explanations or romantic sayings to describe it. I just simply love you.
War alone brings up to their highest tension all human energies and imposes the stamp of nobility upon the peoples who have the courage to make it.
The opposite of courage in our society is not cowardice, it is conformity.
To be alive at all involves some risk.
When all men think alike, no one thinks very much.
The best answer to anger is silence.
The most violent element in society is ignorance.
Prose, words in their best order. Poetry, the best words in the best order.
Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death.
By polluting clear water with slime you will never find good drinking water.
Man is the creature of circumstances.
Tact in audacity consists in knowing how far we may go too far.
Employ thy time well, if thou meanest to gain leisure.
How can you have charisma? Be more concerned about making others feel good about themselves than you are making them feel good about you.
Religion is the belief in an ever-living God, that is, in a Divine Mind and Will ruling the Universe and holding moral relations with mankind.
At last! I finally found the perfect girl :)
When a milestone is conquered, the subtle erosion called entitlement begins its consuming grind. The team regards its greatness as a trait and a right. Half hearted effort becomes habit and saps a champion.
Acceptance and tolerance and forgiveness, those are life-altering lessons.
In the ocean, [bioluminescence] is the rule rather than the exception.
Geography has made us neighbors. History has made us friends. Economics has made us partners, and necessity has made us allies. Those whom God has so joined together, let no man put asunder.
If you owe the bank $100 that\'s your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that\'s the bank\'s problem.
Bologna is the best city in Italy for food and has the least number of tourists. With its medieval beauty, it has it all.
All our words are but crumbs that fall down from the feast of the mind.
Because men really respect only that which was founded of old and has developed slowly, he who wants to live on after his death must take care not only of his posterity but even more of his past.
Never stop. Never stop fighting. Never stop dreaming.
The toughest part of letting go is realizing the other person already did
Don\'t wait around for other people to be happy for you. Any happiness you get you\'ve got to make yourself.
An intelligent hell would be better than a stupid paradise.
The dread of criticism is the death of genius.
The ability to perceive or think differently is more important than the knowledge gained.
Enthusiasm is at the bottom of all progress. With it there is accomplishment. Without it there are only alibis.
When life gives you limes, rearrange the letters so it says smile
A human act once set in motion flows on forever to the great account. Our deathlessness is in what we do, not in what we are.
We adore chaos because we love to produce order.
He preaches well that lives well.
Know how to garnish food so that it is more appealing to the eye and even more flavorful than before.
Philosophy recovers itself when it ceases to be the device for dealing with the problems of philosophers and becomes the method, cultivated by philosophers, for dealing with the problems of men.
I think people who have faults are a lot more interesting than people who are perfect.
No man can put a chain about the ankle of his fellow man without at last finding the other end fastened about his own neck.
Courage is the fear of being thought a coward.
Behold, my friends, the spring is come; the earth has gladly received the embraces of the sun, and we shall soon see the results of their love!
The end of the human race will be that it will eventually die of civilization.
Sometimes you just have to smile, pretend every things okay, hold back the tears, and walk away
Nature shows that with the growth of intelligence comes increased capacity for pain, and it is only with the highest degree of intelligence that suffering reaches its supreme point.
Brevity is the soul of lingerie.
True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable.
Ignorance is not innocence but sin.
Curiosity will conquer fear even more than bravery will.
Excuse Me, I Just Noticed You Noticing Me And I Just Wanted To Give You Notice That I Noticed You Too.
Good taste is better than bad taste, but bad taste is better than no taste.
Well, I mean, the real attack on truth is tabloid journalism in the United States.
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook always be cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be fish.
Bad laws are the worst sort of tyranny.
When the government violates the people\'s rights, insurrection is, for the people and for each portion of the people, the most sacred of the rights and the most indispensible of duties.
Ambition is so powerful a passion in the human breast, that however high we reach, we are never satisfied.
Still, there are times I am bewildered by each mile I have traveled, each meal I have eaten, each person I have known, each room in which I have slept. As ordinary as it all appears, there are times when it is beyond my imagination.
In a free society, government reflects the soul of its people. If people want change at the top, they will have to live in different ways. Our major social problems are not the cause of our decadence. They are a reflection of it.
Slander is worse than cannibalism.
Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths.
The Christian of the future will be a mystic or he will not exist at all.
The structure of a play is always the story of how the birds came home to roost.
He is not laughed at that laughs at himself first.
Laughter is the valve on the pressure cooker of life. Either you laugh and suffer, or you got your beans or brains on the ceiling.
All I wanted was someone to care for me. All I wanted was someone who would be there for me. All I ever wanted was someone who would be true. All I ever wanted was someone like you.
My heroes are the ones who survived doing it wrong, who made mistakes, but recovered from them.
Difference between success and failure depends on what we decide to do with the 24 hours in our day.
Be smart, be intelligent and be informed.
Science becomes dangerous only when it imagines that it has reached its goal.
Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet depreciate agitation, are men who want crops without plowing up the ground.
This autumn-  why am I growing old?  bird disappearing among clouds.
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not.
Red is the ultimate cure for sadness.
A desert is a place without expectation.
The obscure we see eventually. The completely obvious, it seems, takes longer.
Maturity is a high price to pay for growing up.
I went window shopping today! I bought four windows.
If you dont clear your misunderstanding in time they become the reason for distance forever.
When suffering knocks at your door and you say there is no seat for him, he tells you not to worry because he has brought his own stool.
When you please others in hopes of being accepted, you lose you self-worth in the process.
Half wits talk much, but say little.
The rare case where the conquered is very satisfied with the conqueror.
A sub-clerk in the post-office is the equal of a conqueror if consciousness is common to them.
There is no finish line.
The correlation between poverty and obesity can be traced to agricultural policies and subsidies.
A real man treats his lady like a queen, and a real lady treats her man like a king.
The secret to success is to offend the greatest number of people.
Mathematics allows for no hypocrisy and no vagueness.
Unless India stands up to the world, no one will respect us. In this world, fear has no place. Only strength respects strength.
My mom\'s hot. I mean she\'s old, but my mom\'s out of control.
The menu is not the meal.
The clock talked loud. I threw it away, it scared me what it talked.
One reason that cats are happier than people is that they have no newspapers.
I wish I can delete you from my mind as easy as deleting you from facebook.
Poor and content is rich, and rich enough.
Success is falling nine times and getting up ten.
To be prepared is half the victory.
No man is entitled to the blessings of freedom unless he be vigilant in its preservation.
You will soon break the bow if you keep it always stretched.
A bad neighbor is a misfortune, as much as a good one is a great blessing.
Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him.
Real glory springs from the silent conquest of ourselves.
The secret to humor is surprise.
If everyone fought for their own convictions there would be no war.
Life is like a mirror, It will smile at you if you smile at it
Expecting the world to treat you fairly because you are good is like expecting the bull not to charge because you are a vegetarian.
Men may rise on stepping-stones of their dead selves to higher things.
I never dream of having a perfect relationship, but I always dream of having a long time relationship for a lifetime.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
The man who occupies the first place seldom plays the principal part.
I believe in the supreme worth of the individual and in his right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
If we have to use force, it is because we are America. We are the indispensable nation. We stand tall. We see further into the future.
Ive seen better days, but Ive also seen worse. I dont have everything I want, but I do have all I need. I woke up with some aches and pains, but I woke up. My life may not be perfect, but I am blessed.
I am the epitome of a walking contradiction for various reasons, only one of which being that I feel my existence is of heaven and hell.
It is an eternal obligation toward the human being not to let him suffer from hunger when one has a chance of coming to his assistance.
Not knowing when the dawn will come I open every door.
At the end of your life, you will never regret not having passed one more test, not winning one more verdict or not closing one more deal. You will regret time not spent with a husband, a friend, a child, or a parent.
A man in debt is so far a slave.
Every crag and gnarled tree and lonely valley has its own strange and graceful legend attached to it.
A sister is both your mirror - and your opposite.
The tipping point is that magic moment when an idea trend or social behavior crosses a threshold tips and spreads like wildfire. 
When you make a commitment to a relationship, you invest your attention and energy in it more profoundly because you now experience ownership of that relationship.
Give a girl an education and introduce her properly into the world, and ten to one but she has the means of settling well, without further expense to anybody.
The most glorious moments in your life are not the so-called days of success, but rather those days when out of dejection and despair you feel rise in you a challenge to life, and the promise of future accomplishments.
Time is everything; five minutes make the difference between victory and defeat.
The harshest tyranny is that which acts under the protection of legality and the banner of justice.
Skiing: the art of catching cold and going broke while rapidly heading nowhere at great personal risk.
Be precise. A lack of precision is dangerous when the margin of error is small.
The last sound on the worthless earth will be two human beings trying to launch a homemade space-ship and already quarreling about where they are going next.
Popularity is the crown of laurel which the world puts on bad art. Whatever is popular is wrong.
True wit is nature to advantage dressed, what oft was thought, but never so well expressed.
The world hates change, yet it is the only thing that has brought progress.
Arguments are like fire-arms which a man may keep at home but should not carry about with him.
Youre not a bad person because you made a mistake, youre a bad person, if you dont learn from that mistake
Self-defence is Nature\'s eldest law.
It is so much safer not to feel, not to let the world touch me.
Meat makes, and clothes shapes, but manners makes a man.
If I could find a white man who had the Negro sound and the Negro feel, I could make a billion dollars.
Wars of nations are fought to change maps. But wars of poverty are fought to map change.
I am sure of nothing so little as my own intentions.
Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever.
The wise man avoids evil by anticipating it.
The intermittent depression that had shadowed him throughout his adult life was about to envelop him once again.
We inherit plots. There are only two or three in the world, five or six at most. We ride them like treadmills.
The biggest disease this day and age is that of people feeling unloved.
If you open my heart, guess what you are going tp see it is you. True friends are hard to find so I kept you.
The purpose of human life is to serve, and to show compassion and the will to help others.
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of imagination.
Since the day of my birth, my death began its walk. It is walking toward me, without hurrying.
Love is not weakness. It is strong. Only the sacrament of marriage can contain it.
I believe that sex is one of the most beautiful, natural, wholesome things that money can buy.
When people learn no tools of judgment and merely follow their hopes, the seeds of political manipulation are sown.
I am the best in baseball.
God gave women intuition and femininity. Used properly, the combination easily jumbles the brain of any man I\'ve ever met.
I always tried to turn every disaster into an opportunity.
Not he who has much is rich, but he who gives much.
Politeness is fictitious benevolence.
Man is not born to solve the problem of the universe, but to find out what he has to do; and to restrain himself within the limits of his comprehension.
My daughter\'s name is Neesyn Dacey but everyone calls her Dacey. Her mom chose Neesyn and I chose Dacey after she was born. The mother is a good friend of mine who I was seeing a while ago. We are no longer together.
The Chinese general Sun Tzu said that all war was based on deception. Oscar Wilde said the same thing of romance.
Sickness shows us what we are.
I hate staring at your name and debating whether or not to start the conversation.
Before I got married I had six theories about bringing up children; now I have six children and no theories.
Good luck has its storms.
My philosophy is that not only are you responsible for your life, but doing the best at this moment puts you I the best place for the next moment.
Always work hard, be honest, and be proud of who you are.
Fear clogs; faith liberates.
Take away the cause, and the effect ceases.
Education is the art of making man ethical.
The difference between a democracy and a dictatorship is that in a democracy you vote first and take orders later; in a dictatorship you don\'t have to waste your time voting.
He belonged to that army known as invincible in peace, invisible in war.
The aim of the wise is not to secure pleasure, but to avoid pain.
Irony is just honesty with the volume cranked up.
Most things in life are moments of pleasure and a lifetime of embarrassment; photography is a moment of embarrassment and a lifetime of pleasure.
Poetry is a phantom script telling how rainbows are made and why they go away.
You dont realize what you had until its gone , but there is a reason for every goodbye. God just chose a different path for you.
It has been my observation that most people get ahead during the time that others waste.
True love is when you dont need to care about how you look anymore.
So wise so young, they say, do never live long.
Intelligence is the wife, imagination is the mistress, memory is the servant.
When preparing to climb a mountain - pack a light heart.
The passion for destruction is also a creative passion.
He who knows only his own side of the case knows little of that.
To him who is determined it remains only to act.
People see you as an object, not as a person, and they project a set of expectations onto you. People who don\'t have it think beauty is a blessing, but actually it sets you apart.
You know I am done lying. Obscuring the truth is no longer something I have any interest in doing. I want it all to come out. The good, the bad, the ugly.
Peace is a journey of a thousand miles and it must be taken one step at a time.
An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.
We do not attract what we want, but what we are.
In the absence of justice, what is sovereignty but organized robbery?
Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please.
Sometimes too much drink is barely enough.
Sometimes life doesnt give you a second chance or another time.. you have an option NOW or NEVER!
I turned out liking you a lot more than I originally planned.
Use what talent you possess:  the woods would be very silent if no birds sang except those that sang best.
For your continued support and encouragement - THANK YOU!
Periods of tranquility are seldom prolific of creative achievement. Mankind has to be stirred up.
The megalomaniac differs from the narcissist by the fact that he wishes to be powerful rather than charming, and seeks to be feared rather than loved. To this type belong many lunatics and most of the great men of history.
Tragedy is like strong acid; it dissolves away all but the very gold of truth.
One of the most important days of my life was when I learned to ride a bicycle.
Power is my mistress. I have worked too hard at her conquest to allow anyone to take her away from me.
Sometimes the wheels of justice grind slowly.
True repentance has a double aspect. It looks upon things past with a weeping eye, and upon the future with a watchful eye.
The good life is a process, not a state of being. It is a direction not a destination.
The torment of human frustration, whatever its immediate cause, is the knowledge that the self is in prison, its vital force and mangled mind leaking away in lonely, wasteful self-conflict.
Nobody is surprised that women writers accurately represent male characters over and over again, no doubt because everybody knows that women understand men much better than vice-versa.
The friend of my adversity I shall always cherish most. I can better trust those who helped to relieve the gloom of my dark hours than those who are so ready to enjoy with me the sunshine of my prosperity.
It had been almost 30 years since the LPGA has played in Mexico. We are definitely looking forward to playing there next year and also coming back to play in Mexico in a month or so.
Everything under heaven is in utter chaos the situation is excellent. 
We dissect nature along lines laid down by our native language. Language is not simply a reporting device for experience but a defining framework for it.
On earth there is nothing great but man; in man there is nothing great but mind.
I have noticed even people who claim everything is predestined, and that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road.
He who can see three days ahead will be rich for three thousand years.
Revolutions are not made by men in spectacles.
You leave home to seek your fortune and, when you get it, you go home and share it with your family.
Even to observe neutrality you must have a strong government.
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them.
Cherish youth, but trust old age.
Life has no meaning the moment you lose the illusion of being eternal.
The most satisfying thing in life is to have been able to give a large part of one\'s self to others.
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
Woman is the Nigger of the World.
Supply and demand regulate architectural form.
It is far easier to make war than peace.
Unfortunately the clock is ticking the hours are going by. The past increases the future recedes. Possibilities decreasing regrets mounting. 
Even when you are miles away, if you love someone more then anything, you can feel them when you close your eyes as if your souls are together as one.
We can allow satellites, planets, suns, universe, nay whole systems of universes, to be governed by laws, but the smallest insect, we wish to be created at once by special act.
A man carries his success or his failure with him, it does not depend on outside conditions.
The whole effort of a sincere man is to erect his personal impressions into laws.
Easy is right. Begin right, and you will be easy. Continue easy and you are right... The right way to go easy is to forget the right way, and forget that the going is easy.
It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover.
Every reform movement has a lunatic fringe.
My first priority is growing this economy in the long term, and stimulating it in the short term.
The spirit of our American radicalism is destructive and aimless; it is not loving; it has no ulterior and divine ends; but is destructive only out of hatred and selfishness.
Conscience is the perfect interpreter of life.
The best time to do something worthwhile is between yesterday and tomorrow.
Of all the properties which belong to honorable men, not one is so highly prized as that of character.
While intelligent people can often simplify the complex, a fool is more likely to complicate the simple.
How very little can be done under the spirit of fear.
When we ask for love, we don\'t ask others to be fair to us-but rather to care for us, to be considerate of us. There is a world of difference here between demanding justice... and begging or pleading for love.
Happiness is not a matter of events; it depends upon the tides of the mind.
Where globalization means, as it so often does, that the rich and powerful now have new means to further enrich and empower themselves at the cost of the poorer and weaker, we have a responsibility to protest in the name of universal freedom.
When a diplomat says yes he means perhaps; when he says perhaps he means no; when he says no he is no diplomat.
Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy.
A perpetual holiday is a good working definition of hell.
Flatter me, and I may not believe you. Criticize me, and I may not like you. Ignore me, and I may not forgive you. Encourage me, and I will not forget you. Love me and I may be forced to love you.
Insults are pouring down on me as thick as hail.
You can fool some of the people all the time, and those are the ones you want to concentrate on.
Heaven has no rage like love to hatred turned, nor hell a fury like a woman scorned.
I look like Walt Disney just threw up.
As the purse is emptied, the heart is filled.
They died hard, those savage men,  like wounded wolves at bay. They were filthy, and they were lousy, and they stunk. And I loved them.
Modern medicine is a negation of health. It isn\'t organized to serve human health, but only itself, as an institution. It makes more people sick than it heals.
Purity of personal life is the one indispensable condition for building up a sound education.
You expect to break me? Impossible! You broke me years ago. You killed me years ago...
Those who in quarrels interpose, must often wipe a bloody nose.
To live in the presence of great truths and eternal laws, to be led by permanent ideals-that is what keeps a man patient when the world ignores him, and calm and unspoiled when the world praises him.
Humor is the first gift to perish in a foreign language.
When you have faults, do not fear to abandon them.
Strength of character may be learned at work, but beauty of character is learned at home.
The worst enemy of truth and freedom in our society is the compact majority.
There is nothing nobler or more admirable than when two people who see eye to eye keep house as man and wife, confounding their enemies and delighting their friends.
You never know what lurks just beneath the surface of my fragile sanity. 
Before you try to convince anyone else be sure you are convinced, and if you cannot convince yourself, drop the subject.
The pillars of truth and the pillars of freedom - they are the pillars of society.
A magazine is simply a device to induce people to read advertising.
I really got tired of it all. I was angry about the johns.
Struggle is the father of all things. It is not by the principles of humanity that man lives or is able to preserve himself above the animal world, but solely by means of the most brutal struggle.
Too much humility is pride.
Everything is perfect in the universe -- even your desire to improve it.
The melancholy days are come, the saddest of the year,Of wailing winds and naked woods and meadows brown and sere.Heaped in the hollows of the grove, the autumn leaves lie dead;They rustle to the eddying gust, and to the rabbit
Real men are sadly lacking in this world, for when they are put to the test they prove worthless.
Uncommon valor was a common virtue.
Anybody who plays the stock market not as an insider is like a man buying cows in the moonlight.
Sometimes you have to let go of something precious in order to get something priceless.
I have worked enough and I am happy to be touring the country speaking about living with MS to give people inspiration and motivation to help themselves.
Ensuring quality higher education is one of the most important things we can do for future generations.
The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself.
The world is governed more by appearances than by realities, so that it is fully as necessary to seem to know something as to know it.
Swallow a toad in the morning and you will encounter nothing more disgusting the rest of the day.
History never repeats itself ,as most people fear. People usually repeat history.
We are not interested in the fact that the brain has the consistency of cold porridge.
Laughter and weeping, the Greek masks of comedy and tragedy, mark the extremes of a continuous spectrum; both provide channels for the overflow of emotion; both are
A satellite has no conscience.
There is no love that is not an echo.
Life is too short to stress yourself with people who dont even deserve to be an issue in your life.
Have the courage to say no. Have the courage to face the truth. Do the right thing because it is right. These are the magic keys to living your life with integrity.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
The world is moved along, not only by the mighty shoves of its heroes, but also by the aggregate of tiny pushes of each honest worker.
The only relevant test of the validity of a hypothesis is comparison of prediction with experience.
Love is suffering. One side always loves more.
Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.
Everyone wants to live at the expense of the state. They forget that the state wants to live at the expense of everyone.
You are your greatest asset. Put your time, effort and money into training, grooming, and encouraging your greatest asset.
People wanna see you doing well but not better than them :)
The surest test of discipline is its absence.
The myth of unlimited production brings war in its train as inevitably as clouds announce a storm.
Today we did what we had to do. They counted on America to be passive. They counted wrong.
Where the law is uncertain there is no law.
All objects, all phases of culture are alive. They have voices. They speak of their history and interrelatedness. And they are all talking at once!
The death clock is ticking slowly in our breast, and each drop of blood measures its time, and our life is a lingering fever.
True strength is delicate.
The more I want to get something done, the less I call it work.
Great talker, great liar.
Clothes and manners do not make the man; but when he is made, they greatly improve his appearance.
Forget the risk and take the fall, if its what you want, then its worth it all.
Your character is far more important than your past or your future; its who you are that matters, not what youve done or will do.
Life is always at some turning point.
In violence we forget who we are.
The Cold War was waged in a particularly brutal and cynical way in Africa, and Africa seemed powerless to do anything to stop it.
Man does not control his own fate. The women in his life do that for him.
My heart has joined the thousand, for my friend stopped running today.
Never let the sun go down on your anger. You might not get the light of a new day to say I am sorry.
I know that I am intelligent, because I know that I know nothing.
If you keep your eyes, mind, and heart open . love, kindness and wisdom will enter.
The essence of life is the smile of round female bottoms, under the shadow of cosmic boredom.
Anger is a momentary madness, so control your passion or it will control you.
Dialogue is a necessary evil.
Freedom is an internal achievement rather than an external adjustment.
Every man is an omnibus in which his ancestors ride.
Two men look out the same prison bars; one sees mud and the other stars.
It pays to be obvious, especially if you have a reputation for subtlety.
I have everything, yet have nothing; and although I possess nothing, still of nothing am I in want.
Liberty without virtue would be no blessing to us.
I think it was when I realised I could talk anybody into doing just about anything I wanted them to.
The exquisite art of idleness, one of the most important things that any University can teach.
May it be the best day of your life thus far, & may your happiness grow with each passing day through the many many birthdays that surely are ahead of you.
He is so rich he has no room to shit. 
Let none presume to wear an undeserved dignity.
A person hears only what they understand.
Think twice before you speak, because your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another.
There was a time when the FCC tried to require a certain amount of television and media to be educational, a certain amount to be newsworthy and a certain amount of it to be public access.
There is no greater sorrow than to recall happiness in times of misery.
Gold like the sun, which melts wax, but hardens clay, expands great souls.
In order to succeed, people need a sense of self-efficacy, to struggle together with resilience to meet the inevitable obstacles and inequities of life.
Children sweeten labours, but they make misfortunes more bitter.
Dreams are renewable. No matter what our age or condition, there are still untapped possibilities within us and new beauty waiting to be born.
The senses deceive from time to time, and it is prudent never to trust wholly those who have deceived us even once.
Commitment is the enemy of resistance, for it is the serious promise to press on, to get up, no matter how many times you are knocked down.
The purpose of writing is to inflate weak ideas, obscure poor reasoning and inhibit clarity.
Stem cell research can revolutionize medicine, more than anything since antibiotics.
We owe it to our ancestors to preserve entire those rights they have delivered to our care. We owe it to our posterity not to suffer their dearest inheritance to be destroyed.
Society cares for the individual only so far as he is profitable.
Every uneducated person is a caricature of himself.
I was not ladylike, nor was I manly. I was something else altogether. There were so many different ways to be beautiful.
A true soldier needs both military and spiritual training.
With love and patience, nothing is impossible.
People who come from dysfunctional families are not destined for a dysfunctional life.
Our greatest glory consists not in never failing, but in rising every time we fall.
Defeat is not defeat unless accepted as a reality-in your own mind.
I am committed to the principle that violence is never justified as a means of ameliorating a grievance.
We need never be ashamed of our tears.
My philosophy of dating is to just fart right away.
You always get that energy, you just want to be heard, to go out, do your thing and show people that we have just as much talent here as everywhere else.
Wisdom is oftimes nearer when we stoop than when we soar.
Fortitude is the marshal of thought, the armor of the will, and the fort of reason.
Necessity is the mother of taking chances.
Gluttony is an emotional escape, a sign something is eating us.
Adventure is just bad planning.
A fool despises good counsel, but a wise man takes it to heart.
If we cannot do what we will, we must will what we can.
The worst readers are those who behave like plundering troops: they take away a few things they can use, dirty and confound the remainder, and revile the whole.
Be as a tower firmly set; Shakes not its top for any blast that blows.
An ounce of blood is worth more than a pound of friendship.
Have no friends not equal to yourself.
Love and friendship exclude each other.
My silence doesnt mean that I quit It simply means that I dont want to argue with people who just dont want to understand..
When work is a pleasure, life is a joy! When work is a duty, life is slavery.
A dog is not considered a good dog because he is a good barker. A man is not considered a good man because he is a good talker.
Photography, as a powerful medium of expression and communications, offers an infinite variety of perception, interpretation and execution.
Travel teaches tolerance.
Love is swift, sincere, pious, joyful, generous, strong, patient, faithful, prudent, long-suffering, courageous, and never seeking its own; for wheresoever a person seeketh his own, there he falleth from love.
Love is the answer, but while you are waiting for the answer, sex raises some pretty good questions.
The future rewards those who press on. I don\'t have time to feel sorry for myself. I don\'t have time to complain. I\'m going to press on.
The sum of wisdom is that time is never lost that is devoted to work.
So if I get these actors for 30% of their price by coming in so late with an offer when they know they are not getting another offer then I do it this way.
The reality is people mess up, dont let one mistake ruin a beautiful thing.
The biggest guru-mantra is: never share your secrets with anybody. It will destroy you.
Peace of mind is that mental condition in which you have accepted the worst.
Protect your spirit from contamination. Limit your time with negative people.
Napoleon is a torrent which as yet we are unable to stem. Moscow will be the sponge that will suck him dry.
Human memory is a marvelous but fallacious instrument. The memories which lie within us are not carved in stone; not only do they tend to become erased as the years go by, but often they change, or even increase by incorporating extraneous features.
Logarithmic plots are a device of the devil.
To lose one parent may be regarded as a misfortune... to lose both seems like carelessness.
The egocentric is always frustrated simply because the condition of selfperfection is selfsurrender. There must be a willingness to die to the lower part of self before there can be a birth to the nobler. 
He knows nothing and thinks he knows everything. That points clearly to a political career.
The pure work implies the disappearance of the poet as speaker, who hands over to the words.
Seeing much, suffering much and studying much, are the three pillars of learning.
God never ends anything on a negative; God always ends on a positive.
The white man knows how to make everything, but he does not know how to distribute it.
The trust of the people in the leaders reflects the confidence of the leaders in the people.
A man should choose a friend who is better than himself. There are plenty of acquaintances in the world; but very few real friends.
Wealth unused might as well not exist.
Never, never and never again shall it be that this beautiful land will again experience the oppression of one by another.
Solitude is the profoundest fact of the human condition. Man is the only being who knows he is alone.
Tanks come in two forms: the dangerous, deadly kind and the liberating kind.
We are all sentenced to solitary confinement inside our own skins, for life.
We live as we dream--alone....
My first wish is to see this plague of mankind, war, banished from the earth.
No thieves, no traitors, no interventionists! This time the revolution is for real!
We always hold hands. If I let go, she shops :)
Education leads to enlightenment. Enlightenment opens the way to empathy. Empathy foreshadows reform. 
Surround yourself with people who take their work seriously, but not themselves, those who work hard and play hard.
the hardest part of letting go is realizing the other person already has
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind dont matter and those who matter dont mind
The temple bell stops but I still hear the sound coming out of the flowers.
Enthusiasm is everything. It must be taut and vibrating like a guitar string.
Faith is to believe what you do not see; the reward of this faith is to see what you believe.
Our society is run by insane people for insane objectives. I think we\'re being run by maniacs for maniacal ends and I think I\'m liable to be put away as insane for expressing that. That\'s what\'s insane about it.
We cannot despair of humanity, since we ourselves are human beings.
My arms are too short to box with God.
Children require guidance and sympathy far more than instruction.
The men with the muck-rake are often indispensable to the well-being of society, but only if they know when to stop raking the muck.
Every woman is wrong until she cries, and then she is right, instantly.
The ballot is stronger than bullets.
Think and feel yourself there! To achieve any aim in life, you need to project the end-result. Think of the elation, the satisfaction, the joy! Carrying the ecstatic feeling will bring the desired goal into view.
Facts are stubborn, but statistics are more pliable.
War is failure of diplomacy.
May you live to be 100 and may the last voice you hear be mine.
The highest activity a human being can attain is learning for understanding, because to understand is to be free.
The whisper of a pretty girl can be heard further than the roar of a lion.
Adolescence is just one big walking pimple.
You do not merely want to be considered just the best of the best. You want to be considered the only ones who do what you do.
Education is a private matter between the person and the world of knowledge and experience, and has little to do with school or college.
Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself.
Wendy, Peter Pan continued in a voice that no woman has ever yet been able to resist, Wendy, one girl is more use than twenty boys.
May your heart and soul find peace and comfort.
When people see my messages, they think I am addicted to messaging. They are wrong because they do not know that I am addicted . To my sweet friends.!
A wise and frugal government, which shall leave men free to regulate their own pursuits of industry and improvement, and shall not take from the mouth of labor and bread it has earned — this is the sum of good government.
The human brain starts working the moment you are born and never stops until you stand up to speak in public.
We have always held to the hope, the belief, the conviction that there is a better life, a better world, beyond the horizon.
Until you value yourself, you won\'t value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it.
No one is perfect that is why understanding is so important.
Liberty will not descend to a people; a people must raise themselves to liberty; it is a blessing that must be earned before it can be enjoyed.
Today everything exists to end in a photograph.
Happiness doesn\'t depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude.
The nice part about being a pessimist is that you are constantly being either proven right or pleasantly surprised.
Bureaucracy defends the status quo long past the time when the quo has lost its status.
Propaganda does not deceive people; it merely helps them to deceive themselves.
Think of war as a game of Russian roulette. It is a game of chance with your life as the grand prize.
Whatever happens in life is fine - just trust in that.
If help and salvation are to come, they can only come from the children, for the children are the makers of men.
There is only one happiness in life.... to love and to be loved. Happy Valentines Day
Im sweet and innocent. Okay...so even I cant say it with a straight face.
A noble person attracts noble people, and knows how to hold on to them.
What is a man, If his chief good and market of his time Be but to sleep and feed? a beast, no more. Sure, he that made us with such large discourse, Looking before and after, gave us not That capability and god-like reason To fust in us unused.
Never compete with someone who has nothing to lose.
If youre willing to chase me, I promise to run slow.
I drink to make other people more interesting.
Discipline is the soul of an army. It makes small numbers formidable; procures success to the weak, and esteem to all.
No war is inevitable until it breaks out.
Life is an incurable disease.
To choose doubt as a philosophy of life is akin to choosing immobility as a means of transportation.
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
Be assured that if you knew all, you would pardon all.
It is unwise to be too sure of one\'s own wisdom. It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err.
One eye witness is better than ten hear sayers.
A life of ease is a difficult pursuit.
Sometimes you will never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory.
Anxiety is a thin stream of fear trickling through the mind. If encouraged, it cuts a channel into which all other thoughts are drained.
It may be that we shall, by a process of sublime irony, have reached a stage in this story where safety will be the sturdy child of terror, and survival the twin brother of annihilation.
Death is a distant rumor to the young.
Chaos is a friend of mine.
My forehead is sometimes too high, but bangs could correct this.
My father was the quintessential husband and dad.
There is a misleading, unwritten rule that states if a quote giving advice comes from someone famous, very old, or Greek, then it must be good advice.
Somebody may beat me, but they are going to have to bleed to do it.
Eat to please thyself, but dress to please others.
Are You A Magician??? Because Abraca-Dayum!
I can see clearly now, the rain is gone. I can see all obstacles in my way.
Your lordship, though not clean past your youth, have yet some smack of age in you, some relish of the saltiness of time.
I beg you take courage the brave soul can mend even disaster.
Unease, anxiety, tension, stress, worry
No matter how you feel, get up, dress up and fight for your dreams.
Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and true progress.
Be virtuous and you will be eccentric.
Can ye fathom the ocean, dark and deep, where the mighty waves and the grandeur sweep?
Let us beware of saying that death is the opposite of life. The living being is only a species of the dead, and a very rare species.
Letting go of the bad memories, makes room for the good memories.
Old hackers never die. They just go to bitnet.
Study first, play afterwards.
Never beg people to stay against their will. Sometimes the gift of goodbye opens another door for you. Move on, and create the next chapter of your life.
It is better to be faithful than famous.
Seek joy in what you give not in what you get
Peace if possible, truth at all costs.
Come forth into the light of things, let nature be your teacher.
I am convinced digestion is the great secret of life.
You are what you believe. You can be what you imagine.
Beauty is a manifestation of secret natural laws, which otherwise would have been hidden from us forever.
Nothing feels better than a surprise text from that person you miss. :P ? :-)
The less government we have the better-the fewer laws and the less confided power. The antidote to this abuse of formal government is the influence of private character, the growth of the individual.
An inferiority complex would be a blessing, if only the right people had it.
Children are living jewels dropped unsustained from heaven.
From the little spark may burst a mighty flame.
We give up leisure in order that we may have leisure, just as we go to war in order that we may have peace.
Not only does God play dice, but... he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen.
Happy is the son whose faith in his mother remains unchallenged.
If our country is worth dying for in time of war let us resolve that it is truly worth living for in time of peace.
The age of chivalry has gone; the age of humanity has come.
Our progress as a nation can be no swifter than our progress in education. The human mind is our fundamental resource.
I think it\'s too bad that everybody\'s decided to turn on drugs, I don\'t think drugs are the problem. Crime is the problem. Cops are the problem. Money\'s the problem. But drugs are just drugs.
Now, one thing I tell everyone is learn about real estate. Repeat after me: real estate provides the highest returns, the greatest values and the least risk.
The greatest gift you can give to a special someone is your TIME. Its like youre giving the portion of your life that you can never bring back.
There is a real magic in enthusiasm. It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment.
People who are not in love fail to understand how an intelligent man can suffer because of a very ordinary woman. This is like being surprised that anyone should be stricken with cholera because of a creature so insignificant as the comma bacillus.
Happiness is like a kiss. You must share it to enjoy it.
The soul which has no fixed purpose in life is lost; to be everywhere, is to be nowhere.
Faithfulness is to the emotional life what consistency is to the life of the intellect-simply a confession of failure.
A Mistake is when something is done once, and learned upon... If repeated consistently, its a Habit; a Failure is nothing more than a habitual mistake!!
Leave the matter of religion to the family altar, the church, and the private school, supported entirely by private contributions. Keep the church and state forever separate.
Viagra is now available in powder form to put in your tea. It does not enhance your performance but it does stop your biscuit going soft. Lolz
Man is obviously made for thinking. Therein lies all his dignity and his merit; and his whole duty is to think as he ought.
I grew up in this town, my poetry was born between the hill and the river, it took its voice from the rain, and like the timber, it steeped itself in the forests.
Years go by and time just seems to fly, but the memories remain.
When a man does all he can, though it succeeds not well, blame not him that did it.
Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing perfectly.
Every morning we wake up we are born again, what we do today is what matters most. Yesterday is but todays memory, but tomorrow is todays dream.
Life is a constant exchange of beauty for wisdom.
Pain is no evil, unless it conquers us.
The United Nations is our one great hope for a peaceful and free world.
If at first you dont succeed-try, try again. Dont think of it as failure. Think of it as timed-release success.
A universe that came from nothing in the big bang will disappear into nothing at the big crunch. Its glorious few zillion years of existence not even a memory.
Americans are blessed with great plenty; we are a generous people and we have a moral obligation to assist those who are suffering from poverty, disease, war and famine.
Love your enemies.Itll confuse them..
Let no man pull you so low as to hate him.
Well, I suppose that, in a sense, every screen role is a favourite with me.
The English are proud; the French are vain.
Always have a smile on your face. Never give anyone the satisfaction of seeing you down.
Children are made readers on the laps of their parents.
Love is like a grape, it may have a tough skin but it is full of delicious juices.
I don\'t talk about money.
What medicines do not heal, the lance will; what the lance does not heal, fire will.
A Scout smiles and whistles under all circumstances.
If we lose the war in the air we lose the war and we lose it quickly.
Obedience to lawful authority is the foundation of manly character.
If you want to get laid, go to college. If you want an education, go to the library.
In almost every marriage there is a selfish and an unselfish partner. A pattern is set up and soon becomes inflexible, of one person always making the demands and one person always giving way.
Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty; power is ever stealing from the many to the few.
We can judge the heart of a man by his treatment of animals.
My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth.
Sweetness is not sugar or honey but the kind of feeling that makes you call your lover sweetheart.
We need realism to deal with reality.
He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger.
Sports is to war as pornography is to sex. We get to exercise some ancient, ancient drives.
What is the opposite of two? A lonely me, a lonely you.
I should be content  to look at a mountain  for what it is  and not as a comment on my life.
No man will take counsel, but every man will take money. Therefore, money is better than counsel.
Society drives people crazy with lust and calls it advertising.
Skills are cheap; chemistry is expensive.
If you have ten thousand regulations you destroy all respect for the law.
When ideas fail, words come in very handy.
If we spoke a different language, we would perceive a somewhat different world.
Time makes heroes but dissolves celebrities.
Socialism is like a dream. Sooner or later you wake up to reality.
A little man often cast a long shadow.
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.
Compromise is the best and cheapest lawyer.
We lie the loudest when we lie to ourselves.
Canst thou not minister to a mind diseased, pluck from the memory a rooted sorrow, raze out the written troubles of the brain, and with some sweet oblivious antidote cleanse the fraught bosom of that perilous stuff which weighs upon the heart?
There is a weird power in a spoken word. . . . And a word carries far--very far--deals destruction through time as the bullets go flying through space.
Love will find a way through paths where wolves fear to prey.
Pride makes us artificial and humility makes us real.
Solitude shows us what should be; society shows us what we are.
It is better to be first with an ugly woman than the hundredth with a beauty.
People who are attracted to you because of your pretty face or nice body wont be by your side forever. But the people who can see how beautiful your heart is will never leave you.
The first idea the child must acquire is that of the difference between good and evil.
If you have never been hated by your child, you have never been a parent.
Courtesy is as much a mark of a gentleman as courage.
Since you cannot do good to all, you are to pay special attention to those who, by the accidents of time, or place, or circumstances, are brought into closer connection with you.
What we have done for ourselves alone dies with us what we have done for others and the world remains and is immortal.
There is no such thing as an impartial jury because there are no impartial people. There are people that argue on the web for hours about who their favorite character on Friends is.
They may forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel.
The man who is swimming against the stream knows the strength of it.
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
Poetry is emotion put into measure. The emotion must come by nature, but the measure can be acquired by art.
Childhood shows the man, as morning shows the day.
Suffering is an option. Happiness is a choice.
Sales are contingent upon the attitude of the salesman - not the attitude of the prospect.
Who is more foolish, the child afraid of the dark, or the man afraid of the light?
The object of Art is to give life a shape.
If the Negro in the ghetto must eternally be fed by the hand that pushes him into the ghetto, he will never become strong enough to get out of the ghetto.
You cannot teach a crab to walk straight.
In times of life crisis, whether wild fires or smoldering stress, the first thing I do is go back to basics... am I eating right, am I getting enough sleep, am I getting some physical and mental exercise everyday.
Refrain tonight<BR>And that shall lend a kind of easiness<BR>To the next abstinence the next more easy<BR>For use almost can change the stamp of nature<BR>And either master the devil or throw him out<BR>With wondrous potency. 
We live in a wonderful world that is full of beauty, charm, and adventure. There is no end to the adventures we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open.
He who does not trust enough, Will not be trusted.
The addiction to sports, therefore, in a peculiar degree marks an arrested development in man\'s moral nature.
Training gives us an outlet for suppressed energies created by stress and thus tones the spirit just as exercise conditions the body.
Deprived of meaningful work, men and women lose their reason for existence; they go stark, raving mad.
Music is a moral law. It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm and gaiety to life and to everything.
There is no excellent beauty that hath not some strangeness in the proportion.
Those who want to reap the benefits of this great nation must bear the fatigue of supporting it.
In order to be rated as good as a good man in the field of her earnings, she must show herself better than he. She must be more steady, or more trustworthy, or more skilled, or more cheap in order to have the same chance of employment.
When I grow up I am going to be the gangster we are all looking for.
A lecture is an occasion when you numb one end to benefit the other.
We pick our friends and then life sorts them out.
The bravest are surely those who have the clearest vision of what is before them, glory and danger alike, and yet notwithstanding, go out to meet it.
In His will is our peace.
There is more selfishness and less principle among members of Congress than I had any conception of, before I became President of the U.S.
The secret to success is to own nothing, but control everything.
If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one?
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing others; it is the only means.
Solitude is painful when one is young, but delightful when one is more mature.
Great men are always of a nature originally melancholy.
No longer forward nor behind I look in hope or fear; But, grateful, take the good I find,The best of now and here.
Within speech, words are subject to a kind of relation that is independent of the first and based on their linkage: these are syntagmatic relations, of which I have spoken.
A leader is one who, out of madness or goodness, volunteers to take upon himself the woe of the people. There are few men so foolish, hence the erratic quality of leadership in the world.
Goodbye Room. I wave up at Skylight. Say goodbye I tell Ma. Goodbye Room.<BR>Ma says it but on mute.<BR>I look back one more time. Its like a crater a hole where something happened. Then we go out the door. 
Politics is not a game. It is an earnest business.
Silence means consent.<strong></strong>
I didnt really change.. I just got tired of pretending..
Nothing can be done except little by little.
Everything we humans do is a form of communication.
The only true borders lie between day and night between life and death between hope and loss. 
Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out.
It is not enough to be busy; so are the ants. The question is: What are we busy about?
Fame is proof that the people are gullible.
Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we oft might win by fearing to attempt.
While much of the technology we are senselessly addicted to promises us greater connectedness, people are more isolated, disconnected and lonely, than ever before in history.
Small rooms or dwellings discipline the mind; large ones weaken it.
I was very much of a tomboy.
A light wind swept over the corn, and all nature laughed in the sunshine.
Bias and impartiality is in the eye of the beholder.
I shut my eyes and all the world drops dead;   I lift my eyes and all is born again.
Man needs his difficulties because they are necessary to enjoy success.
If each of us hires people who are smaller than we are, we shall become a company of dwarfs. But if each of us hires people who are bigger than we are, we shall become a company of giants.
Praise undeserved, is satire in disguise.
Never take the antidote before the poison.
One man scorned and covered with scars still strove with his last ounce of courage to reach the unreachable stars and the world will be better for this.
Our Constitution was not written in the sands to be washed away by each wave of new judges blown in by each successive political wind.
You are remembered for the rules you break.
The theory of Communism may be summed up in one sentence: Abolish all private property.
I have always believed that I should have had no difficulty in causing my rights to be respected.
Tolerance it a tremendous virtue, but the immediate neighbors of tolerance are apathy and weakness.
Everything passes, everything perishes, everything palls.
The privilege of absurdity, to which no other living creature is subject, but man only.
And I believe that good journalism, good television, can make our world a better place.
The lessons of history? There are four: The bee fertilizes the flower it robs; whom the gods would destroy they first make mad with power; the mills of God grind slowly, but they grind exceeding small; when it is dark enough, you can see the stars.
Tomorrow is the most important thing in life. Comes into us at midnight very clean. It\'s perfect when it arrives and it puts itself in our hands. It hopes we\'ve learned something from yesterday.
This land may be profitable to those that will adventure it.
Justice delayed is justice denied.
Mistakes are painful when they happen, but years later a collection of mistakes is what is called experience.
Begin doing what you want to do now. We are not living in eternity. We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand-and melting like a snowflake
people who deserve nothing are handed everything
Forget about what everyone else thinks and says. If it makes you happy, Go for it.
Look in my eyes and you will find me, but look in my heart and you will find you.
When I was a teenager, I began to settle into school because I\'d discovered the extracurricular activities that interested me: music and theater.
I am fully convinced that the soul is indestructible, and that its activity will continue through eternity. It is like the sun, which, to our eyes, seems to set in night; but it has in reality only gone to diffuse its light elsewhere.
I think that candidates who have pending cases of blood crimes and economic crimes must be definitely banned.
The basic assumption of the secular society is that modernity overcomes religion.
Live Free Or Die; Death Is Not The Worst of Evils.
Bipolar disorder, manic depression, depression, black dog, whatever you want to call it, is inherent in our society. It\'s a product of stress and in my case over-work.
That is true culture which helps us to work for the social betterment of all.
Women are considered deep - why? Because one can never discover any bottom to them. Women are not even shallow.
The gods sell all things at a fair price.
The public is like a piano. You just have to know what keys to poke.
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.
Fools that will laugh on earth, most weep in hell.
Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it.
Ninety-nine percent of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses.
Emotions are your worst enemy in the stock market.
They criticize me for harping on the obvious; if all the folks in the United States would do the few simple things they know they ought to do, most of our big problems would take care of themselves.
I want all the kids to do what I do, to look up to me. I want all the kids to copulate me.
Though I am not naturally honest, I am so sometimes by chance.
Life is not the amount of breaths you take, its the moments that take your breath away.
My observation is that whenever one person is found adequate to the discharge of a duty... it is worse executed by two persons, and scarcely done at all if three or more are employed therein.
There are no lines in nature, only areas of colour, one against another.
The secret of being tiresome is to tell everything.
I demolish my bridges behind me - then there is no choice but forward.
I learned from Bruce Lee, Be like water and Gil Grissom from CSI, Be like sponge.
When angry count to ten before you speak. If very angry, count to one hundred.
My father was a poor man, very poor in a British colonial possession where class and race were very important.
We live in a world in which politics has replaced philosophy.
Is death the last step? No, it is the final awakening.
Be patient. The lessons you learn today will benefit you tomorrow.
I have always done my duty. I am ready to die. My only regret is for the friends I leave behind me.
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining, but wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
The greater the ambiguity, the greater the pleasure.
A particularly beautiful woman is a source of terror. As a rule, a beautiful woman is a terrible disappointment.
Education is the best friend. An educated person is respected everywhere. Education beats the beauty and the youth.
I saw a bank that said 24 Hour Banking, but I don\'t have that much time.
I think we have more machinery of government than is necessary, too many parasites living on the labor of the industrious.
What makes life worth living? Better surely, to yield to the stain of suicide blood in me and seek forgetfulness in the embrace of cold dark death.
Though the body moves, the soul may stay behind.
If you would have a faithful servant and one that you like, serve yourself.
Look at the stars. See their beauty. And in that beauty see yourself. 
I do not like work even when someone else does it.
The whole world can become the enemy when you lose what you love. 
Education\'s purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
The superior man makes the difficulty to be overcome his first interest; success comes only later.
Be with someone who makes you happy.
We sometimes give so much that we end up losing ourselves.
We don\'t receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.
I am not a sad clown. I am not a sad clown.
Man is not the creature of circumstances, circumstances are the creatures of men. We are free agents, and man is more powerful than matter.
Life is half delicious yogurt, half crap, and your job is to keep the plastic spoon in the yogurt.
My teenage years were exactly what they were supposed to be. Everybody has their own path. It\'s laid out for you. It\'s just up to you to walk it.
Air power is like poker. A second-best hand is like none at all - it will cost you dough and win you nothing.
Only a mediocre person is always at his best.
If a man look sharply and attentively, he shall see Fortune; for though she is blind, she is not invisible.
transformation is a process not an event 
But thy eternal summer shall not fade.
Pray without ceasing. In everything give thanks. I Thessalonians
Honesty is a question of right or wrong, not a matter of policy.
If the United States of America or Britain is having elections, they don\'t ask for observers from Africa or from Asia. But when we have elections, they want observers.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
Live in each season as it passes; breathe the air, drink the drink, taste the fruit, and resign yourself to the influences of each. Let them be your only diet, drink, and botanical medicines.
The first white men of your people who came to our country were named Lewis and Clark. They brought many things that our people had never seen. They talked straight. These men were very kind.
Go miser go, for money sell your soul. Trade wares for wares and trudge from pole to pole, So others may say when you are dead and gone. See what a vast estate he left his son.
Space is to place as eternity is to time.
The problems are solved, not by giving new information, but by arranging what we have known since long.
To teach a child an instrument without first giving him preparatory training and without developing singing, reading and dictating to the highest level along with the playing is to build upon sand.
Money and time are the heaviest burdens of life, and the unhappiest of all mortals are those who have more of either than they know how to use.
Cause and effect are two sides of one fact.
He who desires, but acts not, breeds pestilence.
I am not an angel and do not pretend to be. That is not one of my roles. But I am not the devil either. I am a woman and a serious artist, and I would like so to be judged.
Be careful what you pretend to be because you are what you pretend to be.
Advertising is the most fun you can have with your clothes on.
Go put your creed into the deed,Nor speak with double tongue.
A man has cause for regret only when he sows and no one reaps.
He is useless on top of the ground; he ought to be under it, inspiring the cabbages.
Segregation has no place in the education system.
Acquire new knowledge whilst thinking over the old, and you may become a teacher of others.
Wife: I have changed my mind. Husband: Does the new one work? :)
No man should desire to be happy who is not at the same time holy. He should spend his efforts in seeking to know and do the will of God, leaving to Christ the matter of how happy he should be.
Humour is the weapon of unarmed people: it helps people who are oppressed to smile at the situation that pains them.
I like a view but I like to sit with my back turned to it.
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises.
Those who improve with age embrace the power of personal growth and personal achievement and begin to replace youth with wisdom, innocence with understanding, and lack of purpose with self-actualization.
Circumstances rule men; men do not rule circumstances.
Idle youth, enslaved to everything; by being too sensitive I have wasted my life.
Champions do not become champions when they win the event but in the hours weeks months and years they spend preparing for it. The victorious performance itself is merely the demonstration of their championship character. 
Surprise is the greatest gift which life can grant us.
It is only after one is in trouble that one realizes how little sympathy and kindness there are in the world.
There are only two forces in the world, the sword and the spirit. In the long run the sword will always be conquered by the spirit.
I acknowledge the privilege of being alive in a human body at this moment, endowed with senses, memories, emotions, thoughts, and the space of mind in its wisdom aspect.
The greatest obstacle to progress is prejudice.
We win justice quickest by rendering justice to the other party.
Loneliness adds beauty to life. It puts a special burn on sunsets and makes night air smell better.
Diversity of thought and culture and religion and ideas has been the strength of America.
When I look you in the eyes for those few seconds,it is like a never ending life with you,but then I look away,because I know we will never be together ever!!!
Soldiers of Israel, we have no aims of conquest. Our purpose is to bring to naught the attempts of the Arab armies to conquer our land.
Glendower:I can call spirits from the vasty deep. Hotspur:Why, so can I, or so can any man;But will they come when you do call for them?
The mind loves the unknown. It loves images whose meaning is unknown, since the meaning of the mind itself is unknown.
Dont treat people as bad as they are, treat them as good as you are.
A stiff apology is a second insult. The injured party does not want to be compensated because he has been wronged; he wants to be healed because he has been hurt.
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.
The worth of a state, in the long run, is the worth of the individuals composing it.
The Angels were all singing out of tune, and hoarse with having little else to do, excepting to wind up the sun and moon or curb a runaway young star or two.
No evil is honorable: but death is honorable; therefore death is not evil.
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity.
Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough.
Its easy to fool the eye but its hard to fool the heart.
When it gets difficult is often right before you succeed.
Death is a release from the impressions of the senses, and from desires that make us their puppets, and from the vagaries of the mind, and from the hard service of the flesh.
It\'s always funny until someone gets hurt. Then it\'s just hilarious.
Life is the application of noble and profound ideas to life.
No one succeeds without effort... Those who succeed owe their success to perseverance.
Never eat more than you can lift.
There is no real excellence in all of this world which can be separated from right living.
Technology has become as ubiquitous as the air we breathe, so we are no longer conscious of its presence.
We keep going back, stronger, not weaker, because we will not allow rejection to beat us down. It will only strengthen our resolve. To be successful there is no other way.
When men are the most sure and arrogant they are commonly the most mistaken, giving views to passion without that proper deliberation and suspense which alone can secure them from the grossest absurdities.
I regret to say that we of the FBI are powerless to act in cases of oral-genital intimacy, unless it has in some way obstructed interstate commerce.
The misogyny that shapes every aspect of our civilization is the institutionalized form of male fear and hatred of what they have denied and therefore cannot know, cannot share: that wild country, the being of women.
No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it.
Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us.
The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place.
BEAUTY gets ATTENTION, but PERSONALITY captures the HEART.
The voodoo priest and all his powders were as nothing compared to espresso, cappuccino, and mocha, which are stronger than all the religions of the world combined, and perhaps stronger than the human soul itself.
Cover her face; mine eyes dazzle. She died young.
A thief believes everybody steals.
I feel the capacity to care is the thing which gives life its deepest significance.
The learner always begins by finding fault, but the scholar sees the positive merit in everything.
My second play, The Birthday Party, I wrote in 1958 - or 1957. It was totally destroyed by the critics of the day, who called it an absolute load of rubbish.
Two captains sink the ship.
No, I regret nothing, all I regret is having been born, dying is such a long tiresome business I always found.
There is more stupidity than hydrogen in the universe, and it has a longer shelf life.
A mile walk with a friend has only one hundred steps.
To the lover of wilderness, Alaska is one of the most wonderful countries in the world.
Life is so much better when you stop caring about what everyone thinks, and start to actually live for yourself.
When I have a camera in my hand, I know no fear.
The differences between friends cannot but reinforce their friendship.
A dull decent people cherishing and fortifying their dullness behind a quarter of a million bayonets. 
Its not cheating unless you get caught.
The trouble with life in the fast lane is that you get to the other end in an awful hurry.
I love football and beer and have a normal girlfriend.
Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary.
Timid men prefer the calm of despotism to the tempestuous sea of liberty.
The German mind has a talent for making no mistakes but the very greatest.
On the whole, human beings want to be good, but not too good, and not quite all the time.
Anyone who sees and paints a sky green and fields blue ought to be sterilized.
Love conquers all.
Repeat anything often enough and it will start to become you.
The roads we take are more important than the goals we announce. Decisions determine destiny.
It must be really sad to not be able to do something you love as the years go by.
its a complicated world. People have a hard time finding each other & even when they do, theyre scared to take the risk..!
The task of art today is to bring chaos into order.
Suffrage is the pivotal right.
Oh Sleep! it is a gentle thing, beloved from pole to pole, to Mary Queen the praise be given! She sent the gentle sleep from Heaven, that slid into my soul.
All earthly delights are sweeter in expectation than in enjoyment; but all spiritual pleasures more in fruition than in expectation.
Sometimes, life gives you a second chance because just maybe the first time you were not ready.
So that the record of history is absolutely crystal clear. That there is no alternative way, so far discovered, of improving the lot of the ordinary people that can hold a candle to the productive activities that are unleashed by a free enterprise system.
Behind every small business, there\'s a story worth knowing. All the corner shops in our towns and cities, the restaurants, cleaners, gyms, hair salons, hardware stores - these didn\'t come out of nowhere.
Wise kings generally have wise counselors; and he must be a wise man himself who is capable of distinguishing one.
Honor bespeaks worth. Confidence begets trust. Service brings satisfaction. Cooperation proves the quality of leadership.
I hold it to be a proof of great prudence for men to abstain from threats and insulting words toward anyone, for neither diminishes the strength of the enemy.
Never say you have failed until you have reached your last attempt, and never say its your last attempt until you have succeeded.
For one who has been honored, dishonor is worse than death.
Within our dreams and aspirations we find our opportunities.
Always keep learning. It keeps you young.
We have to do with the past only as we can make it useful to the present and the future.
Physical strength is measured by what we can carry and inner strength by what we can bear.
Wisdom is meaningless until our own experience has given it meaning.
Everything in war is simple, but the simplest thing is difficult. The difficulties accumulate and end by producing a kind of friction that is inconceivable unless one has experienced war.
I prefer the most unfair peace to the most righteous war.
No law can possibly meet the convenience of every one: we must be satisfied if it be beneficial on the whole and to the majority.
My sword I give to him that shall succeed me in my pilgrimage, and my courage and skill to him that can get it.
A whole new generation is looking at the videos, and going to the video shop and buying the re-release of the complete trilogy, which you can buy at a reasonable price.
You do ill if you praise, but worse if you censure, when you do not rightly understand.
Socialism is the same as Communism, only better English.
Anyone who has ever looked into the glazed eyes of a soldier dying on the battlefield will think hard before starting a war.
You will face many defeats in your life, but never let yourself be defeated.
In our society, the women who break down barriers are those who ignore limits.
When I bestride him, I soar, I am a hawk: He trots the air; the earth sings when he touches it; the basest horn of his hoof is more musical than the pipe of Hermes.
To create architecture is to put in order. Put what in order? Function and objects.
There is no aphrodisiac like innocence.
We would be false to our trust if we allowed the time it takes to give effect to constitutional rights to be used as the very reason for taking away those rights.
I am not Virgin my life FCUK me everyday.
Contradiction is not a sign of falsity, nor the lack of contradiction a sign of truth.
Our girls have learned that sweat is sexy, brawn is beautiful and a little dirt never hurt anyone.
A cake eaten in peace, is worth two in trouble.
Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties.
Seek first to understand and then to be understood.
Be the chief but never the lord.
Just take your time - wave comes. Let the other guys go, catch another one.
Contentment is natural wealth, luxury is artificial poverty.
Each player must accept the cards life deals him or her: but once they are in hand, he or she alone must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game.
Even the worst book can give us something to think about.
Happiness is nothing but temporary moments here and there - and I love those. But I would be bored out of my mind if I were happy all the time.
It takes no more time to see the good side of life than it takes to see the bad.
If the highest aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever.
It is always consoling to think of suicide: in that way one gets through many a bad night.
Glory is like a circle in the water, which never ceaseth to enlarge itself, till, by broad spreading, it disperse to naught.
You as an audience can look at these things as films, but I remember them as social experiences.
The greatest virtues are those which are most useful to other persons.
The books that the world calls immoral are books that show the world its own shame.
All action results from thought, so it is thoughts that matter.
The only difference between a suicide and a martyrdom really is the amount of press coverage.
Charity begins at hame, but shouldna end there.
Sing away sorrow, cast away care.
Erotica is simply high-class pornography; better produced, better conceived, better executed, better packaged, designed for a better class of consumer.
Looks fade, but personality lasts forever.
They always say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
Dishonesty, cowardice and duplicity are never impulsive.
Scarcely any political question arises in the United States that is not resolved, sooner or later, into a judicial question.
Physical bravery is an animal instinct moral bravery is much higher and truer courage.
The man who is aware of himself is henceforward independent; and he is never bored, and life is only too short, and he is steeped through and through with a profound yet temperate happiness.
Freedom of speech and freedom of action are meaningless without freedom to think. And there is no freedom of thought without doubt.
I am a Marxist... of the Groucho tendency.
Literature exists at the same time in the modes of error and truth; it both betrays and obeys its own mode of being.
Men have died from time to time, and worms have eaten them, but not for love.
The true paradises are the paradises that we have lost.
When men sow the wind it is rational to expect that they will reap the whirlwind.
Victory goes to the player who makes the next-to-last mistake.
To be free minded and cheerfully disposed at hours of meat and sleep and of exercise is one of the best precepts of long lasting.
Dance is the hidden language of the soul of the body.
Nothing could be more insulting to me than the concept of civil rights. It means perpetual second-class citizenship for me and my kind.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.
Wealth, like happiness, is never attained when sought after directly. It comes as a by-product of providing a useful service.
A man in love mistakes a pimple for a dimple.
Mankind has a free will; but it is free to milk cows and to build houses, nothing more.
There are only two kinds of men: the righteous who think they are sinners and the sinners who think they are righteous.
I still think the best metal bands have a blues feel. The first Black Sabbath album is kind of a bludgeoning of blues. Deep Purple also started out as a blues band.
You either get tired fighting for peace, or you die.
Rumor grows as it goes.
I am not smarter than anybody else, but I can outwork you.
I wanted only to try to live in accord with the promptings which came from my true self. Why was that so very difficult?
To be a good loser is to learn how to win.
The only way to get vegetables at a diner late night is to order the omelette. A feta cheese and broccoli omelette.
None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free.
Morality is a venereal disease. Its primary stage is called virtue; its secondary stage, boredom; its tertiary stage, syphilis.
LOVE Cycle: Strangers > Friends > Best friends > Lovers > Heart Break > Strangers
It is not enough to be ready to go where duty calls. A man should stand around where he can hear the call!
Tragedy is a tool for the living to gain wisdom, not a guide by which to live.
Marital Freedom: The liberty that allows a husband to do exactly that which his wife pleases.
Meanness is incurable; it cannot be cured by old age, or by anything else.
If a little knowledge was a dangerous thing, a lot was lethal.
Our dreams are a second life. I have never been able to penetrate without a shudder those ivory or horned gates which separate us from the invisible world.
The mind of a bigot is like the pupil of the eye. The more light you shine on it, the more it will contract.
The cleverest of all, in my opinion, is the man who calls himself a fool at least once a month.
Of puns it has been said that those who most dislike them are those who are least able to utter them.
I only surround myself with people who are intellectually stimulating.
We have defeated Jim Crow, but now we have to deal with his son, James Crow Jr., esquire.
It is a strange fact that freedom and equality, the two basic ideas of democracy, are to some extent contradictory. Logically considered, freedom and equality are mutually exclusive, just as society and the individual are mutually exclusive.
We must not confuse dissent with disloyalty. When the loyal opposition dies, I think the soul of America dies with it.
Life would be infinitely happier if we could only be born at the age of eighty and gradually approach eighteen.
For by grace you have been saved through faith; and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of God., not as a result of works, that no one should boast. Ephesians 2:6, 7
Try, try, try, and keep on trying is the rule that must be followed to become an expert in anything.
Much education today is monumentally ineffective. All too often we are giving young people cut flowers when we should be teaching them to grow their own plants.
The pain is there to remind me that Im still alive.
Every day you wake up is another blessing.
A seared conscience is one whose warning voice has been suppressed and perverted habitually, so that eventually instead of serving as a guide, it only confirms the person in his premeditatedly evil course.
Capitalists are no more capable of self-sacrifice than a man is capable of lifting himself up by his own bootstraps.
It is the duty of a good shepherd to shear his sheep, not to skin them.
Palestine is our unforgettable historic home. The very name would be a force of marvelous potency for summoning our people together.
For those that are working part time, in small businesses, or who are unemployed and do not currently have health insurance, we want to make sure that you are covered.
Debate is masculine, conversation is feminine.
I still love you, thats a fact. But a million apologies cant bring me back.
Great artists have no country.
The first step toward change is awareness. The second step is acceptance.
Courage is found in unlikely places.
To establish oneself in the world, one has to do all one can to appear established.
I knew I was a winner back in the late sixties. I knew I was destined for great things. People will say that kind of thinking is totally immodest. I agree. Modesty is not a word that applies to me in any way - I hope it never will.
Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose.
Enthusiasm makes ordinary people extraordinary.
History suggests that capitalism is a necessary condition for political freedom. Clearly it is not a sufficient condition.
Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving.
All art is exorcism. I paint dreams and visions too; the dreams and visions of my time. Painting is the effort to produce order; order in yourself. There is much chaos in me, much chaos in our time.
To the people here, we are outsiders. Foreigners.
Only the hand that erases can write the true thing.
I was sitting in my room today thinking of all the good things GOD has given me then I thought of you and smiled :)
Hallow the body as a temple to comeliness and sanctify the heart as a sacrifice to love; love recompenses the adorers.
The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places.
Joy in looking and comprehending is nature\'s most beautiful gift.
The happiness of one\'s own heart alone cannot satisfy the soul; one must try to include, as necessary to one\'s own happiness, the happiness of others.
Mathematics was hard, dull work. Geography pleased me more. For dancing I was quite enthusiastic.
Happy trails to you, until we meet again.
Knowledge is the most democratic source of power.
I do not wish women to have power over men; but over themselves.
I have looked into your eyes with my eyes. I have put my heart near your heart.
Love rules his kingdom without a sword.
Kindness is a language the dumb can speak and the deaf can hear and understand.
The most loving parents and relatives commit murder with smiles on their faces. They force us to destroy the person we really are: a subtle kind of murder.
All history becomes subjective; in other words there is properly no history, only biography.
Moral choices do not depend on personal preference and private decision but on right reason and, I would add, divine order.
The success of your presentation will be judged not by the knowledge you send but by what the listener receives.
Only in quiet waters things mirror themselves undistorted. Only in a quiet mind is adequate perception of the world.
Every man, however wise, needs the advice of some sagacious friend in the affairs of life.
Politics is my hobby. Smut is my vocation.
True patriotism is not manifested in short, frenzied bursts of emotion. It is the tranquil, steady dedication of a lifetime.
But in a larger sense we cannot dedicate, we cannot consecrate, we cannot hallow this ground. The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here, have consecrated it far above our poor power to add or detract.
Discretion is the better part of valour.
Any life is made up of a single moment, the moment in which a man finds out, once and for all, who he is.
There is no worse lie than a truth misunderstood by those who hear it.
When I was in the White House, I was confronted with the challenge of the Cold War. Both the Soviet Union and I had 30,000 nuclear weapons that could destroy the entire earth and I had to maintain the peace.
A good heart will help you to a bonny face, my lad and a bad one will turn the bonniest into something worse than ugly.
There is nothing constant in this world but inconsistency.
Beauty is a short-lived tyranny.
In true dialogue, both sides are willing to change.
It looks like a one man show here, although there are two men involved.
Politeness is the flower of humanity.
Enthusiasm is the yeast that makes your hopes shine to the stars. Enthusiasm is the sparkle in your eyes, the swing in your gait. The grip of your hand, the irresistible surge of will and energy to execute your ideas.
Are Your Parents Retarded, Cause You Sure Are Special.
Corruption, the most infallible symptom of constitutional liberty.
Failure is not defeat, until you stop trying.
Friends...family...fun...Fridays...All good things start with F!
Just close your eyes and enjoy the roller coaster that is life. 
So, please, oh please, we beg, we pray, go throw your TV set away, and in its place you can install, a lovely bookcase on the wall.
The production of too many useful things results in too many useless people.
The oppressed are allowed once every few years to decide which particular representatives of the oppressing class are to represent and repress them in parliament.
There is no such thing as a little garlic.
Never does nature say one thing and wisdom another.
The curious paradox is that when I accept myself just as I am, then I can change.
In the space between chaos and shape there was another chance. 
It is a thousand times better to have common sense without education than to have education without common sense.
The quality of life is more important than life itself.
A great city is not to be confounded with a populous one.
Everyone has an invisible sign hanging from their neck saying, Make me feel important. Never forget this message when working with people.
To be a bitch or not to be a bitch, that is the question.
Zero-zero is a big score.
Wisdom is like electricity. There is no permanently wise man, but men capable of wisdom, who, being put into certain company, or other favorable conditions, become wise for a short time, as glasses rubbed acquire electric power for a while.
To find joy in work is to discover the fountain of youth.
I was born not knowing and have had only a little time to change that here and there.
Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he sees all day. Source unknown A spark of kindness starts a fire of love.
I am to provide the public with beneficial shocks.
Sometimes life just seems like chapters. Some good, some bad, but all come together to create the story of our lives.
God gave us the gift of life it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
Mankind must put an end to war before war puts an end to mankind.
A story should have a beginning, a middle and an end, but not necessarily in that order.
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.
I have no regrets because I know I did my best -- all I could do.
My mom started smoking when she was 11. She went to the hill next door to try her first cigarette. She set the entire hill on fire, but it didn\'t deter her.
I never worry about action, but only about inaction.
Always remember, pain makes people change. So dont hurt them when you do not want them to change.
Universal suffrage is the only guarantee against despotism.
Love is not blind. It sees but it doesnt mind.
My mom insisted on multigrain bread and never allowed soda in the house.
The bad end unhappily, the good unluckily. That is what tragedy means.
For what is a poem, but a hazardous attempt at self-understanding. It is the deepest part of autobiography.
The whole world is run on bluff.
I never put my arms around John Gotti, Al Capone or Lucky Luciano.
The intelligent man who is proud of his intelligence is like the condemned man who is proud of his large cell.
I must uphold my ideals, for perhaps the time will come when I shall be able to carry them out.
I have often thought it would be a blessing if each human being were stricken blind and deaf for a few days during their early adult life. Darkness would make them more appreciative of sight; silence would teach them the joys of sound.
My words fly up, my thoughts remain below Words without thoughts never to heaven go.
We are only as strong as we are united as weak as we are divided. 
The judges of normality are present everywhere. We are in the society of the teacher-judge, the doctor-judge, the educator-judge, the social worker -judge.
The Internet is the most important single development in the history of human communication since the invention of call waiting.
An excellent man, like precious metal, is in every way invariable; A villain, like the beams of a balance, is always varying, upwards and downwards, himself his own dungeon.
Curst greed of gold, what crimes thy tyrant power has caused.
During my McGill years, I took a number of math courses, more than other students in chemistry.
The more decisions that you are forced to make alone, the more you are aware of your freedom to choose.
I once said to my father, when I was a boy, \'Dad we need a third political party.\' He said to me, \'I\'ll settle for a second.\'
My philosophy is familiarity breeds contempt.
Everything begins with an idea.
Grant me the treasure of sublime poverty: permit the distinctive sign of our order to be that it does not possess anything of its own beneath the sun, for the glory of your name, and that it have no other patrimony than begging.
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
No man may make another free.
In America the young are always ready to give to those who are older than themselves the full benefits of their inexperience.
Science is the systematic classification of experience.
He who desires but does not act, breeds pestilence.
If anything interferes with my inner peace, I will walk away. Arguments with family members. All that stuff. None of it matters.
Obviously everyone wants to be successful, but I want to be looked back on as being very innovative, very trusted and ethical and ultimately making a big difference in the world.
If we cannot see the possibility of greatness, how can we dream it?
Imagination was given man to compensate for what he is not, and a sense of humor to console him for what he is.
If I read a book and it makes my whole body so cold no fire can ever warm me, I know that is poetry.
Life imitates art far more than art imitates Life.
It is the mind that maketh good or ill, that maketh wretch or happy, rich or poor.
A pint of sweat, saves a gallon of blood.
Without tact you can learn nothing. Tact teaches you when to be silent. Inquirers who are always questioning never learn anything.
Conceit, more rich in matter than in words, brags of his substance: they are but beggars who can count their worth.
All cities are mad: but the madness is gallant. All cities are beautiful: but the beauty is grim.
Sometimes we make someone else our priority than those who really deserves it!
You dont need to know everything in life, just the things that make you happy
The will is not free – it is a phenomenon bound by cause and effect – but there is something behind the will which is free.
Courage and grace are a formidable mixture. The only place to see it is in the bullring.
Shy is the oyster, fervent is the clam, peaceful is the ocean floor rocked by the sands of time.
The environmental crisis is a global problem, and only global action will resolve it.
Lead, follow, or get out of the way.
The purity men love is like the mists which envelope the earth, and not like the azure ether beyond.
To set up as a standard of public morality a notion which can neither be defined nor conceived is to open the door to every kind of tyranny.
An apothecary ought not to be long a cuckold.
I used to want the words She tried on my tombstone. Now I want She did it.
Peace, above all things, is to be desired, but blood must sometimes be spilled to obtain it on equable and lasting terms.
Many highly intelligent people are poor thinkers. Many people of average intelligence are skilled thinkers. The power of a car is separate from the way the car is driven.
Duty is what one expects from others.
One should eat to live, not live to eat.
No matter what I do. I always forget to forget you
The whole world opened to me when I learned to read.
Writing free verse is like playing tennis with the net down.
If you develop an ear for sounds that are musical it is like developing an ego. You begin to refuse sounds that are not musical and that way cut yourself off from a good deal of experience.
Self-plagiarism is style.
There is only you and your camera. The limitations in your photography are in yourself, for what we see is what we are.
In life, each of us must sometimes play the fool.
To reform a man, you must begin with his grandmother.
Too many young folk have addiction to superficial things and not enough conviction for substantial things like justice, truth and love.
Learning is not compulsory... neither is survival.
When children are doing nothing, they are doing mischief.
Nevertheless, I tend to get offensive easily.
The wrongdoer is more unfortunate than the man wronged.
What are you hiding? No one ever asks that.
A Bill of Rights is what the people are entitled to against every government, and what no just government should refuse, or rest on inference.
Most people do not really want freedom, because freedom involves responsibility, and most people are frightened of responsibility.
As they say around the Texas Legislature, if you can\'t drink their whiskey, screw their women, take their money, and vote against \'em anyway, you don\'t belong in office.
Iqra! Bismirabbikalladzii khalaq.
The final test of a leader is that he leaves behind him in other men the conviction and the will to carry on.
The world is changed because you are made of ivory and gold. The curves of your lips rewrite history.
No one is laughable who laughs at himself.
A gentle heart is tied with an easy thread.
For the powerful crimes are those that others commit. 
Brevity is the soul of wit.
The things taught in schools and colleges are not an education, but the means of education.
Character is power.
Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny.
Do not wait for extraordinary circumstances to do good action; try to use ordinary situations.
Inventions have long since reached their limit, and I see no hope for further development.
The man who can dominate a London dinner-table can dominate the world.
Always stand up for what you think is right, even if you are the only one standing.
Life is much shorter than I imagined it to be.
A good neighbor sometimes cuts your morning up to mince-meat of the very smallest talk, then helps to sugar her bohea at night with your reputation.
There is only one you for all time. Fearlessly be yourself.
The lowest ebb is the turn of the tide.
Saying nothing?sometimes says the most.
I care not much for a man\'s religion whose dog and cat are not the better for it.
Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it.
Sometimes you don\'t know who you can and cannot trust. I still learn that over and over again.
A great many people think they are thinking when they are really rearranging their prejudices.
No price is too low for a bear or too high for a bull.
As iron sharpens iron, so a friend sharpens a friend.
I pay the schoolmaster, but it is the school boys who educate my son.
Confront the dark parts of yourself and work to banish them with illumination and forgiveness. Your willingness to wrestle with your demons will cause your angels to sing. 
Talk to a man about himself and he will listen for hours.
Motivation is a fire from within. If someone else tries to light that fire under you, chances are it will burn very briefly.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals
Authoritarian political ideologies have a vested interest in promoting fear, a sense of the imminence of takeover by aliens and real diseases are useful material.
My mother is a walking miracle.
There is a good principle which created order, light, and man, and an evil principle which created chaos, darkness, and woman.
If you go away on location for three months and your wife stays at home, you\'ve made a whole new load of friends and she\'s made a whole new load of friends and you get home and you\'re kind of strangers.
Modesty is a vastly overrated virtue.
Women have been trained to speak softly and carry a lipstick. Those days are over.
All water has a perfect memory and is forever trying to get back to where it was.
A dark horse, which had never been thought of, rushed past the grandstand in sweeping triumph.
A torn jacket is soon mended, but hard words bruise the heart of a child.
But the true feminist deals out of a lesbian consciousness whether or not she ever sleeps with women.
While fear depletes power faith gives wings for the souls elevation. 
Wisely and slow; they stumble that run fast.
Buy a book in brown paper From Faber and FaberTo see Annie Liffey trip, tumble and caper.Sevensinns in her singthings,Plurabelle on her prose,Seashell ebb music wayriver she flows.
This is really a difficult time to be in films.
Plastic surgery is like a big elephant sitting in the Hollywood living room.
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio,Than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
Science without conscience is the death of the soul.
Love is the ultimate expression of the will to live.
Enlightened people seldom or never possess a sense of responsibility.
Pushing people away and denying yourself love makes you weak, not strong. Especially when you do it out of fear.
I\'m not an example for how people should live their lives. Never in my life would I ever set out to be an example for people on how to live their lives. If you need an example for how to live, then you just shouldn\'t have been born. Straight up.
Death is as sure for that which is born, as birth is for that which is dead. Therefore grieve not for what is inevitable.
Altogether, national hatred is something peculiar. You will always find it strongest and most violent where there is the lowest degree of culture.
Just as women are afraid of receiving, men are afraid of giving.
In many walks of life, a conscience is a more expensive encumbrance than a wife or a carriage.
The best books... are those that tell you what you know already.
We are all afraid for our confidence, for the future, for the world. That is the nature of the human imagination. Yet every man, every civilization, has gone forward because of its engagement with what it has set itself to do.
To the extent that the judicial profession becomes the daily routine of deciding cases on the most secure precedents and the narrowest grounds available, the judicial mind atrophies and its perspective shrinks.
EGO is the only requirement to destroy any relationship.
What seems to be, is, to those to whom it seems to be, and is productive of the most dreadful consequences to those to whom it seems to be, even of torments,  despair, eternal death.
Lack of time and money create really bad green practices.
The job of a judge is to figure out what the law says, not what he wants it to say. There is a difference between the role of a judge and that of a policy maker... Judging requires a certain impartiality.
Circumstances are the rulers of the weak; they are but the instruments of the wise.
Stop thinking...Start living 
Adversity makes men, and prosperity makes monsters.
Everybody deserves somebody who makes them look forward to tomorrow.
Pornographers are the enemies of women only because our contemporary ideology of pornography does not encompass the possibility of change, as if we were the slaves of history and not its makers. Pornography is a satire on human pretensions.
In an individualistic culture, the narcissist is God\'s gift to the world. In a collectivist society, the narcissist is God\'s gift to the collective.
He who boasts of his descent, praises the deed of another.
I\'m very emotional; I think I may go mad in several years\' time.
Defer no time, delays have dangerous ends.
Life gives you plenty of time to do whatever you want to do if you stay in the present moment.
Definition of EX: Thanks for the EXperience. Our time has EXpired. Now EXit my life.
Either you decide to stay in the shallow end of the pool or you go out in the ocean.
Kind hearts are more than coronets,  And simple faith than Norman blood.
Historians are like deaf people who go on answering questions that no one has asked them.
No plan of battle ever survives contact with the enemy.
There is no such thing as morality or immorality in thought. There is immoral emotion.
We know truth, not only by reason, but also by the heart, and it is from this last that we know first principles; and reason, which has nothing to do with it, tries in vain to combat them. The skeptics who desire truth alone labor in vain.
Ability and necessity dwell near each other.
A man is never completely alone in this world. At the worst, he has the company of a boy, a youth, and by and by a grown man - the one he used to be.
May the days be aimless. Do not advance action according to a plan.
I wept not, so to stone within I grew.
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.
Beware of an oak, it draws the stroke; avoid an ash, it counts the flash; creep under the thorn, it can save you from harm.
A woman, especially if she has the misfortune of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can.
I never did anything worth doing by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident; they came by work.
It is against this concept of the sovereign state, a state isolated by protectionism and militarism, that internationalism must now engage in decisive battle.
Trust everybody, but cut the cards.
God does notice us, and He watches over us. But it is usually through another person that he meets our needs.
For us in Russia, communism is a dead dog, while, for many people in the West, it is still a living lion.
Knowing is not understanding. There is a great difference between knowing and understanding: you can know a lot about something and not really understand it.
A lie would have no sense unless the truth were felt dangerous.
We cannot create observers by saying \'observe,\' but by giving them the power and the means for this observation and these means are procured through education of the senses.
Company, villainous company, hath been the spoil of me.
The test of good manners is to be patient with the bad ones.
The pleasures of the world are deceitful; they promise more than they give. They trouble us in seeking them, they do not satisfy us when possessing them and they make us despair in losing them.
Return to old watering holes for more than water; friends and dreams are there to meet you.
If she is responsible for your smile, be responsible with her heart.
In love there is always one who kisses and one who offers the cheek.
Cynicism is what passes for insight when courage is lacking
A woman\'s mind is cleaner than a man\'s: She changes it more often.
A man is no less a slave because he is allowed to choose a new master once in a term of years.
All wealth is the product of labor.
Children will not remember you for the material things you provided but for the feeling that you cherished them.
There will never be a new world order until women are a part of it.
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
It is a miserable state of mind to have few things to desire and many things to fear.
I love biomedical science, I love astronomy, and you can\'t really do much with those in a fantasy setting.
Dont PLAY with Me ! Coz i know I Can PLAY Better Than You.
You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake.
He was like a cock who thought the sun had risen to hear him crow.
All criminals turn preachers under the gallows.
Heat cannot be separated from fire, or beauty from The Eternal.
Success occurs when opportunity meets preparation.
In life some people trip and some fall but...
Where profit is, loss is hidden near by.
A man never knows how to say goodbye; a woman never knows when to say it.
Our deep respect for the land and its harvest is the legacy of generations of farmers who put food on our tables, preserved our landscape, and inspired us with a powerful work ethic.
A custom loathsome to the eye, hateful to the nose, harmful to the brain, dangerous to the lungs, and in the black, stinking fume thereof nearest resembling the horrible Stygian smoke of the pit that is bottomless.
The Revolution introduced me to art and in turn art introduced me to the Revolution 
Beauty, like ice, our footing does betray; Who can tread sure on the smooth, slippery way: Pleased with the surface, we glide swiftly on, And see the dangers that we cannot shun.
Don\'t ever change yourself to impress someone, because they should be impressed that you don\'t change to please others.
The saints are the sinners who keep on trying.
A degenerate nobleman, or one that is proud of his birth, is like a turnip: there is nothing good of him but that which is underground.
We are never defeated unless we give up on God.
If science fiction is the mythology of modern technology, then its myth is tragic.
Temper is what gets most of us into trouble. Pride is what keeps us there.
Slavery exists. It is black in the South, and white in the North.
Vision without action is a daydream. Action with without vision is a nightmare.
Believe nothing<BR>No matter where you read it<BR>Or who has said it<BR>Unless it agrees with your own reason<BR>And your own common sense 
The reluctant obedience of distant provinces generally costs more than it The Territory is worth. Empires which branch out widely are often more flourishing for a little timely pruning.
Not being beautiful was the true blessing... Not being beautiful forced me to develop my inner resources. The pretty girl has a handicap to overcome.
The pain of the mind is worse than the pain of the body.
We live in very, very, very dangerous times.
No matter how skinny, fat, ugly, or pretty. Shes a girl, and you have to respect that.
The Beatles will exist without us.
One day you will want me and tell me sorry, but itll be too late.
Arrange marriage these days is the agreement between two broken hearts.
My mother said I broke her heart...but it was my integrity that was important. Is that so selfish It sells for so little but its all we have left in this place. It is the very last inch of us...but within that inch we are free. 
The civil service can never be placed on a satisfactory basis until it is regulated by law.
Happiness is hard to recall. Its just a glow.
By giving people the power to share, we\'re making the world more transparent.
Sometimes crying or laughing are the only options left and laughing feels better right now. 
Love planted a rose, and the world turned sweet.
The liberal ideal is that everyone should have fair access and fair opportunity. This is not equality of result. It\'s equality of opportunity. There\'s a fundamental difference.
The worst mistake you can make is walking away from the person who actually stood there and waited for you.
I was a big fan of Super Troopers, so working with the Broken Lizard guys was so much fun.
Until he extends his circle of compassion to include all living things, man will not himself find peace.
Good company in a journey makes the way seem shorter.
Promises never work, Compromise do!
Test a servant while in the discharge of his duty, a relative in difficulty, a friend in adversity, and a wife in misfortune.
Though a quarrel in the streets is a thing to be hated, the energies displayed in it are fine; the commonest man shows a grace in his quarrel.
How can great minds be produced in a country where the test of great minds is agreeing in the opinion of small minds?
What is love? It is the morning and the evening star.
Perhaps it sounds ridiculous, but the best thing that young filmmakers should do is to get hold of a camera and some film and make a movie of any kind at all.
The Proclamation does not, indeed, mark out exactly the course I should myself prefer. But I am ready to take it just as it is written, and to stand by it with all my heart.
Be yourself. People may or may not like you, but its important that you stay true to who you are..
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality.
Never argue at the dinner table, for the one who is not hungry always gets the best of the argument.
Is getting close to just walking away?
Make service your first priority, not success and success will follow.
A perfectly healthy sentence, it is true, is extremely rare. For the most part we miss the hue and fragrance of the thought; as if we could be satisfied with the dews of the morning or evening without their colors, or the heavens without their azure.
A destruction, an annihilation that only man can provoke, only man can prevent.
To study history means submitting to chaos and nevertheless retaining faith in order and meaning.
My age is as a lusty winter Frosty, but kindly.
We must make it an imperative duty of our government to protect the gifts which Nature has bestowed on America and to insure the maintenance of a clean, healthy, wholesome environment for our people.
If heaven made him, earth can find some use for him.
All life is a blur of Republicans and meat.
If you continually give, you will continually have.
Change before you have to.
I can no longer obey; I have tasted command, and I cannot give it up.
Dean had just come from seeing his lawyer. That was the first time that I found out that he had consulted a lawyer. He wanted to tell me what he thought was going on, but he was writing it down as if my house was bugged. He acted like everything was bugged.
Such is the human race. Often it does seem such a pity that Noah and his party did not miss the boat.
The difference between a neurotic, a psychotic, and a psychiatrist. The neurotic builds castles in the sky, the psychotic lives in them and the psychiatrist collects the rent.
If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got.
I thought when love for you died, I should die. Its dead.Alone, most strangely, I live on.
A purpose, an intention, a design, strikes everywhere even the careless, the most stupid thinker.
A man is ethical only when life, as such, is sacred to him, that of plants and animals as that of his fellow men, and when he devotes himself helpfully to all life that is in need of help.
Love knows not distance; it hath no continent; its eyes are for the stars.
If you are poor, though you dwell in the busy marketplace, no one will inquire about you; if you are rich, though you dwell in the heart of the mountains, you will have distant relatives.
Our technological powers increase, but the side effects and potential hazards also escalate.
What makes lovemaking and reading resemble each other most is that within both of them times and spaces open, different from measurable time and space.
I shall stand for freedom of thought and expression in a place where it has been trampled and penalized.
It has been said that arguing against globalization is like arguing against the laws of gravity.
I believe the sign of maturity is accepting deferred gratification.
A soul without a high aim is like a ship without a rudder.
God requireth not a uniformity of religion.
There is a great difference between knowing and understanding: you can know a lot about something and not really understand it.
Lost causes are the only ones worth fighting for.
All the waste in a year from a nuclear power plant can be stored under a desk.
A computer would deserve to be called intelligent if it could deceive a human into believing that it was human.
What is the most beautiful in virile men is something feminine; what is most beautiful in feminine women is something masculine.
Dont be afraid to take an unfamiliar path, sometimes theyre the ones that take you to the best places.
Yes, peace can and must be won, to save the world from the terrible destruction of World War III.
In the time of darkest defeat, victory may be nearest.
Nature is an endless combination and repetition of a very few laws. She hums the old well-known air through innumerable variations.
The strictest law sometimes becomes the severest injustice.
All that is really necessary for survival of the fittest, it seems, is an interest in life, good, bad or peculiar.
Knowledge is the treasure, but judgment is the treasurer of a wise man.
Cherish all your happy moments they make a fine cushion for old age.
Our envy always lasts longer than the happiness of those we envy.
A man of great common sense and good taste -- meaning thereby a man without originality or moral courage.
No one should fear to undertake any task in the name of our Saviour, if it is just and if the intention is purely for His holy service.
Most people would rather die than think: many do.
My music is best understood by children and animals.
There are four kinds of Homicide: felonious, excusable, justifiable, and praiseworthy.
Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale.
If a man devotes himself to art, much evil is avoided that happens otherwise if one is idle.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
Anyone who has the power to make you believe absurdities has the power to make you commit injustices.
Cruelty has a Human Heart, And jealousy a Human Face; Terror the Human Form Divine, And secrecy the Human Dress. The Human Dress is forged Iron, The Human Form a Fiery Forge, The Human Face a Furnace seal d, The Human Heart its hungry gorge.
I live for those who love me, for those who know me true, for the heaven so blue above me, and the good that I can do.
Our sweetest songs are those that tell of saddest thought.
Young love is a flame; very pretty, often very hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. The love of the older and disciplined heart is as coals, deep-burning, unquenchable.
Great men never feel great; small men never feel small.
Most people assume that women are responsible for households and child care. Most couples operate that way - not all. That fundamental assumption holds women back.
Good judgment comes from bad experience and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
Drugs are a bet with your mind.
When in doubt, sing loud.
We are a people in a quandary about the present. We are a people in search of our future. We are a people in search of a national community.
C was already implemented on several quite different machines and OSs, Unix was already being distributed on the PDP-11, but the portability of the whole system was new.
There is but one law for all; namely the law which governs all law-the law of our Creator, the law of humanity, justice, equity; the law of nature and of nations.
I have two doctors, my left leg and my right.
Let us not pray to be sheltered from dangers but to be fearless when facing them.
The trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.
Stay strong, be positive. We all struggle sometimes.
You can never invite the wind, but you must leave the window open.
What soap is for the body, tears are for the soul.
She gave me a smile I could feel in my hip pocket.
The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering.
Fight the good fight of faith, and God will give you spiritual mercies.
We build statues out of snow, and weep to see them melt.
Marriage is the death of hope.
Intelligence is quickness to apprehend as distinct form ability, which is capacity to act wisely on the thing apprehended.
There can be no daily democracy without daily citizenship.
Tell the truth. Sing with passion. Work with laughter. Love with heart. \'Cause that\'s all that matters in the end.
The most dangerous creation of any society is the man who has nothing to lose.
It is not flesh and blood, but heart which makes us fathers and sons.
Psychology helps to measure the probability that an aim is attainable.
No man is above the law, and no man is below it.
Shadow owes its birth to light.
Sleep did not honor me with its presence. 
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a persistent one.
You will kill 10 of our men, and we will kill 1 of yours, and in the end it will be you who tire of it.
I am I plus my circumstances.
Men who are occupied in the restoration of health to other men, by the joint exertion of skill and humanity, are above all the great of the earth. They even partake of divinity, since to preserve and renew is almost as noble as to create.
You got to try and reach for the stars or try and achieve the unreachable.
Where there is no counsel, the people perish; but in the multitude of counselors there is safety. Proverbs 29:18; 11:14
And the Hippos were boiled in their tanks!
Maybe I am crazy but laughing makes the pain pass by.
Shame is worse than death.
The mind of a bigot is like the pupil of the eye; the more light you pour upon it, the more it will contract.
What a sober man has in his heart, a drunken man has on his lips.
Absence from those we love is self from self - a deadly banishment.
I think generally the Japanese players have more intensity in practice but generally I do the same things.
We call a man irrational when he acts in a passion, when he cuts off his nose to spite his face.
There is nothing new in art except talent.
Expose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free.
Wit has truth in it; wisecracking is simply calisthenics with words.
The East India Company established a monopoly over the production of opium, shortly after taking over Bengal.
Invest in the human soul. Who knows, it might be a diamond in the rough.
The distinguishing sign of slavery is to have a price, and to be bought for it.
Sometimes you make the right decision, sometimes you make the decision right.
The wise men of antiquity, when they wished to make the whole world peaceful and happy, first put their own States into proper order. Before putting their States into proper order, they regulated their own families. Before regulating their families, they regulated themselves. Before regulating themselves, they tried to be sincere in their thoughts. Before being sincere in their thoughts, they tried to see things exactly as they really were.
Silence is the most perfect expression of scorn.
The wise man in the storm prays to God, not for safety from danger, but for deliverance from fear.
A chain is no stronger than its weakest link, and life is after all a chain.
Each night, when I go to sleep, I die. And the next morning, when I wake up, I am reborn.
Electric flesh-arrows... traversing the body. A rainbow of color strikes the eyelids. A foam of music falls over the ears. It is the gong of the orgasm.
If you treat her the same way you treat others, how is she supposed to know that shes special to you.
The human mind is capable of excitement without the application of gross and violent stimulants and he must have a very faint perception of its beauty and dignity who does not know this.
Timing in life is everything.
Man is a history-making creature who can neither repeat his past nor leave it behind.
Take your Bible and take your newspaper and read both. But interpret newspapers from your Bible. 
You can spread positivity by creating something positive, or by reflecting positivity in your thoughts and actions.
Even in winter an isolated patch of snow has a special quality.
The rising cost of prescription drugs has sparked a prairie fire that is spreading across our nation.
For everything exists and not one sigh nor smile nor tear, one hair nor particle of dust, not one can pass away.
Nobody can bring you peace but yourself.
A government is invigorated when each of us is willing to participate in shaping the future of this nation.
Night is longer than day for those who dream and day is longer than night for those who make their dreams come true. Good Night and Sweet Dreams.
There is more than one way to burn a book. And the world is full of people running about with lit matches.
The real death of America will come when everyone is alike.
It is the dim haze of mystery that adds enchantment to pursuit.
Race can not be won by accelerating on top gear but It can be won only by changing the right gear on right time.
Life stops for no one, so be what you wanna be, not what others wanna see.
It is much easier to suppress a first desire than to satisfy those that follow.
A person will be called to account on Judgment Day for every permissible thing he might have enjoyed but did not.
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
The truth is lived, not taught.
Just be honest with yourself. That opens the door.
A lover without indiscretion is no lover at all. Circumspection and devotion are a contradiction in terms.
Islam is itself destiny and will not suffer destiny.
Security is an illusion. Life is either a daring adventure or it is nothing at all.
Hairdressers are a wonderful breed. You work one-on-one with another human being and the object is to make them feel so much better and to look at themselves with a twinkle in their eye.
People never lie so much as after a hunt, during a war or before an election.
I am on sabbatical as of right now, been too busy to think of about my OWN needs as of late.
Taxation without representation is tyranny.
Sculpture is the art of the intelligence.
Courage in danger is half the battle.
Perfectionism is not a quest for the best. It is a pursuit of the worst in ourselves, the part that tells us that nothing we do will ever be good enough - that we should try again.
However, I am willing to hear what you can produce from Scripture in favor of any kind of slavery.
Nothing fixes a thing so intensely in the memory as the wish to forget it.
And much as Wine has played the Infidel, And robbed me of my Robe of Honor Well, I often wonder what the Vintners buy One half so precious as the stuff they sell.
Life is too short for us to dwell on sadness. cheer up and live life to the fullest.
Take care in your minutes, and the hours will take care of themselves.
I might be celibate, but I appreciate the wonder of the sacrament of marriage.
Yet, taught by time, my heart has learned to glow for other\'s good, and melt at other\'s woe.
Imagination is the real and eternal world of which this vegetable universe is but a faint shadow.
Whether women are better than men I cannot say - but I can say they are certainly no worse.
Man who stand on hill with mouth open will wait long time for roast duck to drop in.
The power of the white world is threatened whenever a black man refuses to accept the white world\'s definitions.
Music inflames temperament.
Take heart. Suffering, when it climbs the highest, lasts but a little time.
Words divide us, actions unite us.
Those who dwell among the beauties and mysteries of the Earth are never alone or weary of life.
They asked if I was interested in a role as a large alien in a movie.
Cinema reflects culture and there is no harm in adapting technology, but not at the cost of losing your originality.
We would worry less about what others think of us if we realized how seldom they do.
Watching your husband become a father is really sexy and wonderful.
There can be no such thing as a necessary evil. For, if a thing is really necessary, it cannot be an evil and if it is an evil, it is not necessary.
Nobody should pin their hopes on a miracle.
If you believe in yourself, have dedication, pride, and that never quit attitude, you will be a winner
The well-bred contradict other people. The wise contradict themselves.
Music always put me in a good mood when nobody else can..
Morality is a private and costly luxury.
Men freely believe that which they desire.
I think children are like pancakes. You sort of ruin the first one, and you get better at it the second time around.
In Christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with reality at any point.
I was 19 years old, pumping gas and going nowhere. I was kind of a high school dropout at that point because I had left school to play hockey, but no one drafted me.
Do you mind if I sit back a little? Because your breath is very bad.
Poor men seek meat for their stomachs, rich men stomachs for their meat.
A desperate disease requires a dangerous remedy.
To succeed, jump as quickly at opportunities as you do at conclusions.
This is my life, Im going to do whatever I want to make myself happy. Im tired of pleasing everybody except myself. This is me, get over it
I ran into Ku Klux Klan and the threat of hurricanes, and those two things made me decide not to build on the Alabama coast, so we came back to Memphis.
Live because theres a reason to, not just because you are alive.
Democratic principles are the result of equality of condition.
If you wish to strengthen a lie, mix a little truth in with it.
The red-letter days, now become, to all intents and purposes, dead-letter days.
Ideals are like the stars: we never reach them, but like the mariners of the sea, we chart our course by them.
Education is our only political safety. Outside of this ark all is deluge.
Non-violence, which is the quality of the heart, cannot come by an appeal to the brain.
Be always sure you are right - then go ahead.
A soldier will fight long and hard for a bit of colored ribbon.
Criticism is a study by which men grow important and formidable at very small expense.
A great wind is blowing, and that gives you either imagination or a headache.
Bravery has no place where it can avail nothing.
The remarkable thing is, we have a choice everyday regarding the attitude we will embrace for that day.
We all have big changes in our lives that are more or less a second chance.
I think a hero is an ordinary individual who finds strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles.
Take from a man his reputation for probity, and the more shrewd and clever he is, the more hated and mistrusted he becomes.
Pick up a rifle and you change instantly from a subject to a citizen.
Philanthropic colonization is a failure. National colonization will succeed.
Hazing is an extraordinary activity that, when it occurs often enough, becomes perversely ordinary as those who engage in it grow desensitized to its inhumanity.
People hate as they love, unreasonably.
The most splendid achievement of all is the constant striving to surpass yourself and to be worthy of your own approval.
There are two ways of being creative. One can sing and dance. Or one can create an environment in which singers and dancers flourish.
The single finger of friend that wipes out your tear during your failure is much better than the one0fingers which come together to clap for you.
A tree trunk the size of a man grows from a blade as thin as a hair. A tower nine stories high is built from a small heap of earth.
Obstacles don\'t have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don\'t turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
Faith activates God - Fear activates the Enemy.
Any institution which does not suppose the people good, and the magistrate corruptible, is evil.
Tonight - to you, the great silent majority of my fellow Americans - I ask for your support.
Politeness is the poison of collaboration.
It\'s all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
They can shout down the head of the physics department at Cal Tech.
Build a ship before you burn a bridge.
My darkness has been filled with the light of intelligence, and behold, the outer day-lit world was stumbling and groping in social blindness.
You will find a girl prettier than me, smarter than me, and funnier than me, but you will never find a girl just like me.
The great man fights the elements in his time that hinder his own greatness, in other words his own freedom and sincerity.
The longer I live, the more I am certain that the great difference between the great and the insignificant, is energy -- invincible determination -- a purpose once fixed, and then death or victory.
The heart of the wise man lies quiet like limpid water.
I don\'t believe people are looking for the meaning of life as much as they are looking for the experience of being alive.
And what most people don\'t understand is the bulk of business in this country is small business.
It is not the burden but the overburden that kills the beast.
The love boat has crashed against the everyday.
If you gain, you gain all; if you lose, you lose nothing. Wager then without hesitation, that He exists.
There is no happiness where there is no wisdom;No wisdom but in submission to the gods.Big words are always punished,And proud men in old age learn to be wise.
It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations, if you live near him.
I like my wine like my women - ready to pass out.
Everybody says it, and what everybody says must be true.
Gale is mine. I am his. Anything else is unthinkable. Katniss Everdeen 
A human being is so irreplaceable. So valuable and so unique.
Time spent on any item of the agenda will be in inverse proportion to the sum involved.
Money cant buy you time, but it can buy you a good cappuccino while youre procrastinating.
I am very happy to be signing for the best team in the world and especially proud to be the first Portuguese player to join United.
Play the game for more than you can afford to lose... only then will you learn the game.
If you limit your choices only to what seems possible or reasonable, you disconnect yourself from what you truly want, and all that is left is compromise.
The orange flames waved at the crowd as paper and print dissolved inside them. Burning words were torn from their sentences.  
The fire which enlightens is the same fire which consumes.
He who gains a victory over other men is strong; but he who gains a victory over himself is all powerful.
This is my homeland no one can kick me out.
No water, no life. No blue, no green.
I became a journalist to come as close as possible to the heart of the world.
Neutral men are the devil\'s allies.
A great fortune is a great slavery.
640K ought to be enough for anybody.
I have a love/hate relationship with just about all technology in my life. My first typewriter in particular. I had a helluva time putting new ribbon on it.
Christopher Columbus, as everyone knows, is honored by posterity because he was the last to discover America.
I prefer a man who will burn the flag and then wrap himself in the Constitution to a man who will burn the Constitution and then wrap himself in the flag.
Time misspent in youth is sometimes all the freedom one ever has.
We still think of a powerful man as a born leader and a powerful woman as an anomaly.
Globalization, as defined by rich people like us, is a very nice thing... you are talking about the Internet, you are talking about cell phones, you are talking about computers. This doesn\'t affect two-thirds of the people of the world.
Sweet is true love that is given in vain, and sweet is death that takes away pain.
I am so clever that sometimes I dont understand a single word of what i am saying.
The real world is not easy to live in. It is rough; it is slippery. Without the most clear-eyed adjustments we fall and get crushed. A man must stay sober; not always, but most of the time.
When in doubt, wear red.
The first and worst of all frauds is to cheat oneself.
To be happy, it first takes being comfortable being in your own shoes. The rest can work up from there.
When you choose the lesser of two evils, always remember that it is still an evil.
The most fundamental purpose of government is defense, not empire.
Happiness is a butterfly, which, when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
Breathe in, breathe out, move On.
Is life not a thousand times too short for us to bore ourselves?
Does anyone remember laughter?
The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on.
Cultural analysis is intrinsically incomplete. And, worse than that, the more deeply it goes the less complete it is.
A sister is for telling secrets and making promises that will never be broken.
Be wary of strong drink. It can make you shoot at tax collectors... and miss.
Ignorant men raise questions that wise men answered a thousand years ago.
Every revolutionary ends up by becoming either an oppressor or a heretic.
A society that presumes a norm of violence and celebrates aggression, whether in the subway, on the football field, or in the conduct of its business, cannot help making celebrities of the people who would destroy it.
I desire not to desire, for my will is without value, since I am ignorant in any case. Therefore choose Thou for me what thou knowest to be best and do not put my perdition in what my autonomy and free choice prefer.
Consistency and predictability are certainly good qualities. However a good leader is one who surprises us with his hidden strength and talent when a situation demands it. 
You cannot kill time without injuring eternity.
Yes I am single. Youre gonna have to be amazing to change that.
Simplicity is the final achievement. After one has played a vast quantity of notes and more notes, it is simplicity that emerges as the crowning reward of art.
Everything changes. We plant trees for those born later
You can do anything with bayonets except sit on them.
One rotten apple in the basket infects the whole.
People give pain, are callous and insensitive, empty and cruel...but place heals the hurt, soothes the outrage, fills the terrible vacuum that these human beings make.
To live is to go on a journey; to die is to come back home.
Luck is like having a rice dumpling fly into your mouth.
I have a big hug waiting for you anytime you need one.
Gold makes the ugly beautiful.
Poverty must not be a bar to learning and learning must offer an escape from poverty.
The body is mortal, but the person dwelling in the body is immortal and immeasurable.
Something that has always puzzled me all my life is why, when I am in special need of help, the good deed is usually done by somebody on whom I have no claim.
Negative people need drama like oxygen.Stay positive...it will take their breath away ..!
Set your course by the stars, not by the lights of every passing ship.
There are no exceptions to the rule that everybody likes to be an exception to the rule.
It is rare to find a business partner who is selfless. If you are lucky it happens once in a lifetime.
Have the courage to live. Anyone can die.
Sometimes the best things in life happen by accident.
I think a nice romantic dinner should be saved for when you and the girl you\'re dating or seeing have something special and it\'s a more special occasion.
Organized religion is a sham and a crutch for weak-minded people who need strength in numbers. It tells people to go out and stick their noses in other people\'s business.
It was repugnant, but it was the only way to communicate.
Sometimes?you have to accept that peoples part in your story is over.
Liberty is slow fruit. It is never cheap; it is made difficult because freedom is the accomplishment and perfectness of man.
To train and educate the rising generation will at all times be the first object of society, to which every other will be subordinate.
All that mankind has done, thought or been: it is lying as in magic preservation in the pages of books.
The guitar has a kind of grit and excitement possessed by nothing else.
Buck up or stay in the truck.
It is our attitude toward events, not events themselves, which we can control. Nothing is by its own nature calamitous-even death is terrible only if we fear it.
Reality is whatever refuses to go away when I stop believing in it.
Obedience without faith is possible, but not faith without obedience.
Look at market fluctuations as your friend rather than your enemy; profit from folly rather than participate in it.
Hello weekend. Ive missed you. Can you please stay a little longer this time? Your last visit was way too short!
Oppose not rage while rage is in its force, but give it way a while and let it waste.
The law, in its majestic equality, forbids all men to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets and to steal bread-the rich as well as the poor.
Solutions are not the answer.
One way to make sure crime doesn\'t pay would be to let the government run it.
Age is just a number. Maturity is a choice.
Philosophers call God the great unknown The great misknown is more like it!
Girls problem: They love the ones that hurt them. Boys problem: They hurt the ones they love.
I think as long as people are around and can hear a record and hear people like Lester Young on a recording, there will always be a great inspiration for somebody to try to create jazz.
Art is born of humiliation.
Public opinion is held in reverence. It settles everything. Some think it is the voice of God.
With respect to the requirement of art, the probable impossible is always preferable  to the improbable possible.
Dear GOD, Thank you for being there when noboy else was.
Work banishes those three great evils: boredom, vice and poverty.
In the Soviet army it takes more courage to retreat than advance.
The one being abhorrent to the powers above the earth and under them is the hyphenated American
Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who wants to live in an institution?
I\'m sick to death of people saying we\'ve made 11 albums that sounds exactly the same, Infact, we\'ve made 12 albums that sound exactly the same.
It is at the edge of a petal that love waits.
Boxing is just show business with blood.
Before all else, be armed.
Of all the senses, sight must be the most delightful.
He who does not accept and respect those who want to reject life does not truly accept and respect life itself.
I think it\'s a very firm part of human nature that if you surround yourself with like-minded people, you\'ll end up thinking more extreme versions of what you thought before.
Nothing is illegal if one hundred businessmen decide to do it.
Swallowing your pride seldom leads to indigestion
The world is wrong side up. It needs to be turned upside down in order to be right side up.
Under certain circumstances, profanity provides a relief denied even to prayer.
The world may be broken, but hope is not crazy.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Architecture aims at Eternity.
He who is overly attached to his family members experiences fear and sorrow, for the root of all grief is attachment. Thus one should discard attachment to be happy.
It will be worth it to be with someone who knows your worth.
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
Equality implies individuality.
Summer is kind of like the ultimate one night stand: Hot as hell, totally thrilling, and gone before you know it
Women are naturally secretive, and they like to do their own secreting.
He that is born to be hanged shall never be drowned.
It is not enough to know your craft - you have to have feeling. Science is all very well, but for us imagination is worth far more.
Peace for us means the destruction of Israel. We are preparing for an all-out war, a war which will last for generations.
A habit cannot be tossed out the window; it must be coaxed down the stairs a step at a time.
The most common sort of lie is that by which a man deceives himself: the deception of others is a relatively rare offense.
Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
Tolerance of intolerance is cowardice. 
There is not much collective security in a flock of sheep on the way to the butcher.
Life is a flower of which love is the honey.
The taxpayers deserve accountability.
Money is the best rule of commerce.
Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it.
He who enjoys good health is rich, though he knows it not.
If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work.
Pennies do not come from heaven -- they have to be earned here on earth.
It is very easy to love alone.
Instruction ends in the schoolroom, but education ends only with life. A child is given to the universe to be educated.
Struggle and strife come before success; even in the dictionary.
The little serpent has left, and the great serpent has come.
A writer and nothing else; a man alone in a room with the English language, trying to get human feelings right.
Our lady the Common Law is a very wise old lady though she still has something to learn in telling what she knows.
Faith makes a Christian. Life proves a Christian. Trial confirms a Christian. Death crowns a Christian.
I like the noise of democracy.
The perch swallows the grub-worm, the pickerel swallows the perch, and the fisherman swallows the pickerel; and so all the chinks in the scale of being are filled.
No matter what the level of your ability, you have more potential than you can ever develop in a lifetime.
The philosopher has never killed any priests, whereas the priest has killed a great many philosophers.
We could have saved the Earth but we were too damned cheap.
Advertising is only evil when it advertises evil things.
It is impossible to speak in such a way that you cannot be misunderstood.
The most common lie is that which one lies to himself; lying to others is relatively an exception.
People don\'t want other people to get high, because if you get high, you might see the falsity of the fabric of the society we live in.
The first requisite for immortality is death.
Beauty is the promise of happiness.
Whenever I feel blue, I start breathing again.
When he was nearly thirteen, my brother Jem got his arm badly broken at the elbow.
Travel is the frivolous part of serious lives, and the serious part of frivolous ones.
Behind every successful man is a proud wife and a surprised mother-in-law.
Do not yield to misfortunes, but advance more boldly to meet them, as your fortune permits you.
Danger is next neighbor to security.
Nothing personal - I am just doing my job.
Nietzsche was personally more philosophical than his philosophy. His talk about power, harshness, and superb immorality was the hobby of a harmless young scholar and constitutional invalid.
Cinema should make you forget you are sitting in a theater.
Wisdom and deep intelligence require an honest appreciation of mystery.
Do the best that you can in the place where you are, and be kind.
The trouble with self-made men is that they tend to worship their creator.
Faith is a state of openness or trust.
It was pride that changed angels into devils; it is humility that makes men as angels.
Lying wont make the truth go away, it just postpones it.
I think the American Dream says that anything can happen if you work hard enough at it and are persistent, and have some ability. The sky is the limit to what you can build, and what can happen to you and your family.
Great empires are not maintained by timidity. 
What is food to one man is bitter poison to others.
As long as algebra is taught in school, there will be prayer in school.
Age is something that doesn\'t matter, unless you are a cheese.
A modern, harmonic and lively architecture is the visible sign of an authentic democracy.
Only the spoon knows what is stirring in the pot.
Music is an agreeable harmony for the honor of God and the permissible delights of the soul.
Take care of your life and the Lord will take care of your death.
A hard man is good to find.
Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.
Some people make promises just to buy more time, so dont believe it until you see it.
Public confidence in the integrity of the Government is indispensable to faith in democracy; and when we lose faith in the system, we have lost faith in everything we fight and spend for.
Politics makes strange bedfellows.
Sometimes, bad days are there to remind you that you have good ones to look forward to.
All that\'s necessary for the forces of evil to win in the world is for enough good men to do nothing.
A sincere diplomat is like dry water or wooden iron.
All sports must be treated on the basis of equality.
Where you used to be, there is a hole in the world, which I find myself constantly walking around in the daytime, and falling in at night. I miss you like hell.
Stealing things is a glorious occupation, particularly in the art world.
Argument is meant to reveal the truth, not to create it.
Madness is the absolute break with the work of art; it forms the constitutive moment of abolition, which dissolves in time the truth of the work of art.
When you win, nothing hurts.
World War II had a very important impact on the development of technology, as a whole.
I have the choice of being constantly active and happy or introspectively passive and sad. Or I can go mad by ricocheting in between.
A junkie is someone who uses their body to tell society that something is wrong.
No matter how much you change you still have to pay the price for the things youve done. So I got a long road. But I know Ill see you again, this side or the other.
We must vote for hope, vote for life, vote for a brighter future for all of our loved ones.
Sincerity and truth are the basis of every virtue.
The changes we dread most may contain our salvation.
Aggression unchallenged is aggression unleashed.
Happy the man who has learned the cause of things and has put under his feet all fear, inexorable fate, and the noisy strife of the hell of greed.
Four things greater than all things are,Women and Horses and Power and War.
The future lies before you, like paths of pure white snow. Be careful how you tread it, for every step will show.
If we cannot now end our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity.
Many good sayings are to be found in holy books, but merely reading them will not make one religious.
The human heart, at whatever age, opens only to the heart that opens in return.
we accept the love we think we deserve.
The immature man wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mature man wants to live humanely for one.
No one is afraid to say i love you but every one is afraid of the response.
Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect.
Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom.
Baseball is ninety percent mental and the other half is physical.
Run if you can, walk if you have to, crawl if you must, just never give up.
Hey, Dont I Know You? Yeah, Youre The Girl With The Beautiful Smile.
There is no such thing as moral phenomena but only a moral interpretation of phenomena 
You can complain because roses have thorns, or you can rejoice because thorns have roses.
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.
I love to be alone. I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude.
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
Clearly, then, the city is not a concrete jungle, it is a human zoo.
When the past calls, let it go to voicemail.. its got nothing new to say.
Bronze is the mirror of the form; wine, of the heart.
A colourful message to a colourful person for a colourful day, in a colourful way, as a pray, that the colourful ray, may forever stay, Happy Holi.
Education is the silver bullet to improve this Nation\'s standing worldwide... and our teachers know that.
I\'ve been so blessed to be part of a family that has dedicated its life to public service.
The hand that rocks the cradle rules the nation and its destiny.
Existence is a strange bargain. Life owes us little; we owe it everything. The only true happiness comes from squandering ourselves for a purpose.
The movies are the only business where you can go out front and applaud yourself.
My work on human capital began with an effort to calculate both private and social rates of return to men, women, blacks, and other groups from investments in different levels of education.
It is great wisdom to know how to be silent and to look at neither the remarks, nor the deeds, nor the lives of others.
No one can make you feel inferior without your permission.
Anniversary is a time to celebrate the joys of today, the memories of yesterday, and the hopes of tomorrow.
Life is more fun if you play games. 
The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense.
A selfish man is a thief.
You can use all the quantitative data you can get, but you still have to distrust it and use your own intelligence and judgment.
The loss of life will be irreplaceable.
There is only one perfect child in the world and every mother has it.
History may not repeat itself, but it does rhyme a lot
I am easily satisfied with the very best.
Men are nicotine soaked, beer besmirched, whiskey greased, red-eyed devils.
Never help a child with a task at which he feels he can succeed.
A week is a long time in politics.
Quick decisions are unsafe decisions.
Whatever I am offered in devotion with a pure heart -- a leaf, a flower, fruit, or water -- I accept with joy.
In the racial picture things will never be as they once were. History has reached a turning point, here and over the world.
Honey, I forgot to duck.
Diplomacy is the art of saying Nice doggie until you can find a rock.
Chicago is the product of modern capitalism, and, like other great commercial centers, is unfit for human habitation.
We all have our time machines. Some take us back, they\'re called memories. Some take us forward, they\'re called dreams.
Try and fail, but dont fail to try.
You can\'t expect to hit the jackpot if you don\'t put a few nickels in the machine.
We have arrived at an intellectual chaos.
Even if you live your life as a open book, people will still wonder which pages have secret messages.
For me, family always comes first; I would do anything to protect them.
One of the pleasures of reading old letters is the knowledge that they need no answer.
In me the tiger sniffs the rose.
Without contraries is no progression. Attraction and repulsion, reason and energy, love and hate, are necessary to human existence.
The greatest obstacle to international understanding is the barrier of language.
A No uttered from deepest conviction is better and greater than a Yes merely uttered to please, or what is worse, to avoid trouble.
For your own good is a persuasive argument that will eventually make a man agree to his own destruction.
In America, music is more tightly categorized.
Man is what he believes.
The psychoanalysis of neurotics has taught us to recognize the intimate connection between wetting the bed and the character trait of ambition.
What I wanted to do was to paint sunlight on the side of a house.
Kindness is tenderness. Kindness is love, but perhaps greater than love. Kindness is good will. Kindness says, I want you to be happy.
Adversity, and perseverance and all these things can shape you. They can give you a value and a self-esteem that is priceless.
Loving kindness is greater than laws; and the charities of life are more than all ceremonies.
The release of atomic energy has not created a new problem. It has merely made more urgent the necessity of solving an existing one.
Like any artist without an art form, she became dangerous.
A man who could make so vile a pun would not scruple to pick a pocket.
We must form our minds by reading deep rather than wide.
And we ought to work our diplomacy first and I think it\'s a reason it\'s going to respond increasingly to our diplomacy particularly with the president\'s direct involvement in the peace process, and I think that\'s extraordinarily important.
Ignorance is a menace to peace.
Necessity does everything well.
Let a new earth rise. Let another world be born. Let a bloody peace be written in the sky. Let a second generation full of courage issue forth let a people loving freedom come to growth.
An hour of practice is worth five hours of foot-dragging.
I do earnestly wish to see the distinction of sex confounded in society, unless where love animates the behaviour.
Think before you speak. Plan before you act. Accomplish your goals before its too late.
The bitterness of poor quality remains long after low pricing is forgotten!
The very definition of the real has become: that of which it is possible to give an equivalent reproduction. . . The real is not only what can be reproduced, but that which is always already reproduced: that is the hyperreal
The nose of a mob is its imagination. By this, at any time, it can be quietly led.
There is nothing so disobedient as an undisciplined mind, and there is nothing so obedient as a disciplined mind.
A client is to me a mere unit, a factor in a problem.
Greed is a bottomless pit which exhausts the person in an endless effort to satisfy the need without ever reaching satisfaction.
Next to us is not the workman whom we have hired, with whom we love so well to talk, but the workman whose work we are.
The woman who follows the crowd will usually go no further than the crowd. The woman who walks alone is likely to find herself in places no one has ever been before.
A job worth doing is worth doing together.
One may walk over the highest mountain one step at a time.
Opportunity dances with those who are ready on the dance floor.
Fugitive slaves were rare then, and as a fugitive slave lecturer, I had the advantage of being the first one out.
Babe! You Look So Fine I Could Drink Your Bath Water!
Thankfulness is the beginning of gratitude. Gratitude is the completion of thankfulness. Thankfulness may consist merely of words. Gratitude is shown in acts.
Challenges are meant to be met and overcome.
People?will always leave your life and it can be so painful, but those who are meant to stay will always be there.
A MOTHER thinks about her CHILDREN day and night. Even if they are not with her, and will love them in a way they will never understand.
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better.
There is no turning back.
Integrity is the first step to true greatness. Men love to praise, but are slow to practice it.
When grace is joined with wrinkles, it is adorable. There is an unspeakable dawn in happy old age.
I need that aggressive attitude to play my music and more men have that attitude than women.
The early bird gets the worm.The early worm... gets eaten.
The Ball no question makes of Ayes and Noes, But Here or There as strikes the Player goes.
It is possible to give without loving, but it is impossible to love without giving.
Before the throne of the Almighty, man will be judged not by his acts but by his intentions. For God alone reads our hearts.
I sought my soul, but my soul I could not see. I sought my God, but my God eluded me. I sought my brother and I found all three.
The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit.
Stop cheating on your future with your past. Its over.
In his private heart no man much respects himself.
Engineers like to solve problems. If there are no problems handily available, they will create their own problems.
Choose to be optimistic, it feels better.
Life is painting a picture, not doing a sum.
There is no odor so bad as that which arises from goodness tainted.
God is subtle, but He is not malicious. I cannot believe that God plays dice with the world.
I created Punk for this day and age. Do you see Britney walking around wearing ties and singing punk? Hell no. That\'s what I do. I\'m like a Sid Vicious for a new generation.
He who has provoked the lash of wit, cannot complain that he smarts from it.
The longer the title, the less important the job.
Your lost friends are not dead, but gone before, advanced a stage or two upon that road which you must travel in the steps they trod.
Not everything has to mean something. Some things just are.
Old wine and friends improve with age.
Bright light is injurious to those who see nothing.
Never explain―your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.
All humanity is one undivided and indivisible family, and each one of us is responsible for the misdeeds of all the others.
Logical consequences are the scarecrows of fools and the beacons of wise men.
In the world of photography, you get to share a captured moment with other people.
I sold my life to Capitol Records; it sucks.
Those who aim at great deeds must also suffer greatly.
The lecturer should give the audience full reason to believe that all his powers have been exerted for their pleasure and instruction.
Never let the hand you hold, hold you down
Writing is an exploration. You start from nothing and learn as you go.
The essence of competitiveness is liberated when we make people believe that what they think and do is important - and then get out of their way while they do it.
I chose America as my home because I value freedom and democracy, civil liberties and an open society.
I believe that if one always looked at the skies, one would end up with wings.
Nature... She pardons no mistakes. Her yea is yea, and her nay, nay.
Great ambition, the desire of real superiority, of leading and directing, seems to be altogether peculiar to man, and speech is the great instrument of ambition.
The worst solitude is to be destitute of sincere friendship.
Whenever you are confronted with an opponent. Conquer him with love.
Inquiry is fatal to certainty.
My reaction to porn films is as follows: After the first ten minutes, I want to go home and screw. After the first 20 minutes, I never want to screw again as long as I live.
Intelligence is enormously sexy.
Bad attitudes will ruin your team.
I try to muster up the courage to not feel defeated, but it is very difficult to deal with this.
To dance is to be out of yourself. Larger, more beautiful, more powerful. This is power, it is glory on earth and it is yours for the taking.
Men must be taught as if you taught them not, and things unknown proposed as things forgot.
In early childhood you may lay the foundation of poverty or riches, industry of idleness, good or evil, by the habits to which you train your children. Teach them right habits then, and their future life is safe.
Being Mistreated is the most important condition of mortality, for eternity itself depends on how we view those who mistreat us.
Two souls with but a single thought, Two hearts that beat as one.
There are many things worth living for, a few things worth dying for, and nothing worth killing for.
The man with a toothache thinks everyone happy whose teeth are sound. The poverty-stricken man makes the same mistake about the rich man.
Let your dreams be bigger than your fears and your actions be louder than your words.
The Holocaust illustrates the consequences of prejudice, racism and stereotyping on a society. It forces us to examine the responsibilities of citizenship and confront the powerful ramifications of indifference and inaction.
Tomorrow we shall meet, Death and I -.And he shall thrust his swordInto one who is wide awake.
The shrewd guess, the fertile hypothesis, the courageous leap to a tentative conclusion - these are the most valuable coins of the thinker at work. But in most schools guessing is heavily penalized and is associated somehow with laziness.
You must be a certified helmet wearing window licker to ride the sunshine bus..
The setting of a great hope is like the setting of the sun. The brightness of our life is gone.
The purpose of anthropology is to make the world safe for human differences.
Be as you wish to seem.
In a very ugly and sensible age, the arts borrow, not from life, but from each other.
It takes an athlete to dance, but an artist to be a dancer.
If you do your job properly you usually learn a lot from any role you do.
Architecture arouses sentiments in man. The architect\'s task therefore, is to make those sentiments more precise.
Plough deep while sluggards sleep.
I just have to proceed as usual. No matter what happens, nothing helps with the writing of the next book.
The thing women have yet to learn is nobody gives you power. You just take it.
Do you ever just lie on knees and thank god that you know me and my intelligence???
My father taught me to work; he did not teach me to love it.
A mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems.
Geez, all that money we waste on space exploration; just think how many bombs that would buy!
I want there to be no peasant in my kingdom so poor that he cannot have a chicken in his pot every Sunday.
There is far too much literary criticism of the wrong kind. That is why I never could have survived as an academic.
Simplicity of character is no hindrance to subtlety of intellect.
Nature goes her own way and all that to us seems an exception is really according to order.
Happiness consists of three things; Someone to love, work to do, and a clear conscience.
A prophet or an achiever must never mind an occasional absurdity, it is an occupational risk.
A wise person should have money in their head, but not in their heart.
The terrible immoralities are the cunning ones hiding behind masks of morality, such as exploiting people while pretending to help them.
To resort to power one need not be violent, and to speak to conscience one need not be meek. The most effective action both resorts to power and engages conscience.
Banish the future. Live only for the hour and its allotted work. Think not of the amount to be accomplished, the difficulties to be overcome, or the end to be attained, but set earnestly at the little task at your elbow, letting that be sufficient for the day.
Keep true, never be ashamed of doing right; decide on what you think is right and stick to it.
The only foreplay I really need is for a guy to kiss my hip bone. The hip is the most erotic and neglected body part. Kiss the hip bone with your lips.
If you\'re so pro-life, do me a favour: don\'t lock arms and block medical clinics. If you\'re so pro-life, lock arms and block cemeteries.
You are wise to climb Mt. Fuji, but a fool to do it twice.
Magnanimity in politics is not seldom the truest wisdom; and a great empire and little minds go ill together.
No matter how far life pushes you down, no matter how much you hurt, you can always bounce back.
There are many things that people do happily that I can\'t imagine why they would do it... But I have to say that even though I am critical or judgmental of society at large, I\'m not critical of people individually. We are who we are.
The opposition is indispensable. A good statesman, like any other sensible human being, always learns more from his opposition than from his fervent supporters.
i am everything  i am nothing  therefore  i can be anything 
The multitude of books is a great evil. There is no limit to this fever for writing.
Nothing worthwhile comes easily. Half effort does not produce half results, it produces no results. Work, continuous work and hard work, is the only way to accomplish results that last.
Being rich is having money; being wealthy is having time.
Conservation is a state of harmony between men and land.
Almost any man knows how to earn money, but not one in a million knows how to spend it.
Motivation is everything. You can do the work of two people, but you can\'t be two people. Instead, you have to inspire the next guy down the line and get him to inspire his people.
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
Dont be sorry you loved him. Thats part of you part you have to let go... 
We could hardly wait to get up in the morning.
Those who love deeply never grow old; they may die of old age, but they die young.
It is a wholesome and necessary thing for us to turn again to the earth and in the contemplation of her beauties to know of wonder and humility.
Management works in the system; Leadership works on the system.
Courtesy is the one coin you can never have too much of or be stingy with.
The nation which forgets its defenders will itself be forgotten.
The worst form of inequality is to try to make unequal things equal.
A job is something we do to get a paycheck and pay our bills. Jobs are legitimate, at times, but work is why we are here in the universe. Work and calling often go together.
The brevity of human life gives a melancholy to the profession of the architect.
Of all the thirty-six alternatives, running away is best.
I have read in Plato and Cicero sayings that are wise and very beautiful; but I have never read in either of them: Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden.
The saddest summary of a life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have.
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable.
Nothing is accidental in the universe - this is one of my Laws of Physics - except the entire universe itself, which is Pure Accident, pure divinity.
Love is the affinity which links and draws together the elements of the world... Love, in fact, is the agent of universal synthesis.
I like the silent church before the service begins, better than any preaching.
Because these show are live, script pages are being switched during the program and new commercial teases might be yelled in your ear with just enough time to scribble them on scrap paper before reading them.
Fine clothes may disguise but silly words will disclose a fool 
It is well-known what a middleman is: he is a man who bamboozles one party and plunders the other.
Acceptance is one of the hardest things here on Earth.
But one of the things that has to be faced is
The pursuit of truth will set you free; even if you never catch up with it.
Therefore, you are not training young people for the world of today and the world of tomorrow unless you are doing proven technology training. That is one of the reasons I\'m so concerned.
I deepen my experience of God through prayer, meditation, and forgiveness.
I struggled to learn basic skills, get a grip on markets, find my own unique voice, create story lines and come up to speed with the industry. I struggled for ten years before having any success.
The future destiny of the child is always the work of the mother.
Martyrs must choose between being forgotten, mocked or made use of. As for being understood, never!
Respect the gift and the giver.
We all have that person you can text for hours and not get bored.
In the long history of humankind (and animal kind, too) those who learned to collaborate and improvise most effectively have prevailed.
Suspicion is far more apt to be wrong than right; oftener unjust than just. It is no friend to virtue, and always an enemy to happiness.
Satire is what closes on Saturday night.
Strangers are what friends are made of.
You are the love of my life and Ill be yours forever.
If you do not believe you can do it then you have no chance at all.
Whenever he saw the sea, or a fire, he fell silent, impressed by their elemental force.
Patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all others because you were born in it.
Pain and pleasure, like light and darkness, succeed each other.
Men often oppose a thing merely because they have had no agency in planning it, or because it may have been planned by those whom they dislike.
Sometimes its not the happy ending you can relate to, But the sad life some one had to live to get there.
To fake it is to stand guard over emptiness.
The greatest sweetener of human life is Friendship. To raise this to the highest pitch of enjoyment, is a secret which but few discover.
Genius lasts longer than Beauty. That accounts for the fact that we all take such pains to over-educate ourselves.
Whoever loves becomes humble. Those who love have, so to speak, pawned a part of their narcissism.
Before going to sleep every night forgive everyone and sleep with a clean heart.
Men of genius are meteors intended to burn to light their century.
We are born crying, live complaining, and die disappointed.
All human errors are impatience, a premature breaking off of methodical procedure, an apparent fencing-in of what is apparently at issue.
The way politics divides the world is into friend and enemy.
In this life, to earn your place you have to fight for it.
I tell you Wellington is a bad general, the English are bad soldiers; we will settle this matter by lunch time.
The coward only threatens when he is safe.
Leftovers in their less visible form are called memories. Stored in the refrigerator of the mind and the cupboard of the heart.
Great ambition is the passion of a great character. Those endowed with it may perform very good or very bad acts. All depends on the principles which direct them.
Religions are the cradles of despotism.
Everything has its wonders, even darkness and silence, and I learn, whatever state I may be in, therein to be content.
Other people may not have had high expectations for me... but I had high expectations for myself.
Republicans believe every day is the Fourth of July, but the democrats believe every day is April 15.
Once in motion, a pattern tends to stay in motion.
Technology is no match for human error.
A sedentary life is the real sin against the Holy Spirit. Only those thoughts that come by walking have any value.
It is a melancholy truth that even great men have their poor relations.
Honesty is for the most part less profitable than dishonesty.
Modern dancers give a sinister portent about our times.
To be conscious that you are ignorant is a great step to knowledge.
I hate the world, but Ive still got plenty of things to smile about
We should declare war on North Vietnam. We could pave the whole country and put parking strips on it, and still be home by Christmas.
The first fall of snow is not only an event, it is a magical event. You go to bed in one kind of a world and wake up in another quite different, and if this is not enchantment then where is it to be found?
Abundance, like want, ruins many.
In retrospect, all these exercises in self-gratification seem pure fantasy, what Pascal called, licking the earth.
Marriage is one long conversation, checkered by disputes.
There are moments in life when you miss someone so much that you just want to pick them from your dreams and hug them for real.
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations.
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies; for the hardest victory is the victory over self.
Dont waste your time looking back at what you have lost. Move on, for life is not meant to be travelled backwards
We will flip a coin to determine our future. Head, we will be together. Tail, we will flip again.
Never knowingly be serious. Rule 27. 
As far as I\'m concerned, there\'s no job more important on the planet than being a mom.
Melancholy men are of all others the most witty.
Aim at perfection in everything, though in most things it is unattainable. However, they who aim at it, and persevere, will come much nearer to it than those whose laziness and despondency make them give it up as unattainable.
I poured spot remover on my dog. Now he\'s gone.
I look at an ant and I see myself: a native South African, endowed by nature with a strength much greater than my size so I might cope with the weight of a racism that crushes my spirit.
Every art and every inquiry, and similarly every action and choice, is thought to aim at some good; and for this reason the good has rightly been declared to be that at which all things aim.
Against stupidity, the Gods themselves contend in vain.
Now the reason the enlightened prince and the wise general conquer the enemy whenever they move and their achievements surpass those of ordinary men is foreknowledge.
I did not wish to take a cabin passage, but rather to go before the mast and on the deck of the world, for there I could best see the moonlight amid the mountains. I do not wish to go below now.
Rhetoric is the art of ruling the minds of men.
No other investment yields as great a return as the investment in education. An educated workforce is the foundation of every community and the future of every economy.
The art of leadership... consists in consolidating the attention of the people against a single adversary and taking care that nothing will split up that attention.
There is other disturbing facts surround the hideous 911 attacks, which my family and I could see from the third floor bathroom window of our homes!
Immortal mortals, mortal immortals, one living the others death and dying the others life.
It is better to be violent, if there is violence in our hearts, than to put on the cloak of nonviolence to cover impotence.
There is a fun, flippant side to me, of course. But I would much rather be known as the Ice Queen.
Success is not built on success. It\'s built on failure. It\'s built on frustration. Sometimes its built on catastrophe.
Most of us end up with no more than five or six people who remember us. Teachers have thousands of people who remember them for the rest of their lives.
The imagination needs moodling,--long, inefficient happy idling, dawdling and puttering.
Merry Christmas, Nearly Everybody!
We may not always get what we want, but surely we will get what we deserve.
Members of groups that do not meet regularly together usually do not feel a strong sense of belonging and do not take ownership for the success of the group.
Live for the person who dies for you, smile for the person who cries for you, fight for the person who protects you, and love the person who loves you more than you.
All things being equal, people will do business with a friend; all things being unequal, people will still do business with a friend.
A bad peace is even worse than war.
He who comes for the inheritance is often made to pay for the funeral.
Appreciate all of the amazing things others can bring to your life, but dont depend on them for creating your happiness.
Win if you can lose if you must but always cheat 
Sex is the mysticism of materialism and the only possible religion in a materialistic society.
The falling out of faithful friends, renewing is of love.
Somebody figured it out -- we have 35 million laws trying to enforce Ten Commandments.
A desk is a dangerous place from which to view the world.
Sometimes I wish I were a little kid again, skinned knees are easier to fix than broken hearts.
The revelation of thought takes men out of servitude into freedom.
No amount of political freedom will satisfy the hungry masses.
I\'m not wasting my time with any more non-straight-talking candidates.
No man can be a patriot on an empty stomach.
How much pain they have cost us, the evils which have never happened.
Lord, deliver me from the person who never makes a mistake, and also from the person who makes the same mistake twice.
Community cannot long feed on itself, it can only flourish with the coming of others from beyond: their unknown and undiscovered sisters and brothers.
Every attempt to make war easy and safe will result in humiliation and disaster.
A great deal of talent is lost to the world for want of a little courage. Every day sends to their graves obscure men whose timidity prevented them from making a first effort.
The greater the difficulty, the greater the glory.
He was a dreamer, a thinker, a speculative philosopher... or, as his wife would have it, an idiot.
Technology without hatred can be a blessing. Technology with hatred is always a disaster.
Never expect things to happen. Its better to feel surprised than to feel disappointed.
Dont put words in my mouth. And the words that do come out of my mouth dont get them twisted! (:
Kau hanyalah bayangan yang menarikan tari kebajikan untukku. Memahatkan senyap yang menggigil dalam kalbu.
When art dresses in worn-out material it is most easily recognized as art.
Jails and prisons are designed to break human beings, to convert the population into specimens in a zoo - obedient to our keepers, but dangerous to each other.
A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities; an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties.
Some of the worst mistakes of my life have been haircuts.
The eyes are more exact witnesses than the ears.
Take time for all things: great haste makes great waste.
Public Opinion... an attempt to organize the ignorance of the community, and to elevate it to the dignity of physical force.
What an artist is trying to do for people is bring them closer to something, because of course art is about sharing. You wouldn\'t be an artist unless you wanted to share an experience, a thought.
Supercomputers will achieve one human brain capacity by 2010, and personal computers will do so by about 2020.
Always strive to excel, but only on weekends.
Immense power is acquired by assuring yourself in your secret reveries that you were born to control affairs.
Love is when you have the chance to leave but choose to stay.
If we choose, we can live in a world of comforting illusion.
Love is when a girl puts on perfume and a boy puts on shaving cologne and they go out and smell each other.
Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.
The savage bows down to idols of wood and stone: the civilized man to idols of flesh and blood.
I work out with a trainer, Anna Kaiser, three days a week.
We all have our own book of life. Were just trying to find someone who can read it and understand it. Or better yet, help us finish writing it.
Happiness is excitement that has found a settling down place, but there is always a little corner that keeps flapping around.
I cannot tell you how grateful I am, I am filled with humidity.
Humility is the most difficult of all virtues to achieve; nothing dies harder than the desire to think well of self.
The world is always ready to receive talent with open arms. Very often it does not know what to do with genius.
I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap.
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
Friendship is a disinterested commerce between equals; love, an abject intercourse between tyrants and slaves.
The sovereign invigorator of the body is exercise, and of all the exercises walking is the best.
No matter whom you vote for, the Government always gets in.
When work goes out of style we may expect to see civilization totter and fall.
Beauty is a whore, I like money better.
There was never yet a philosopher that could endure the toothache patiently.
At home in Paris I take a milk bath two times a week, but here on the road it is more difficult. I miss them.
Time is my greatest enemy.
In the country of the blind, the one-eyed man is King.
History: the category of human phenomena which tends to catastrophe.
The greatest crime in the world is not developing your potential. When you do what you do best, you are helping not only yourself, but the world.
Poetry is the one place where people can speak their original human mind. It is the outlet for people to say in public what is known in private.
Media is just a word that has come to mean bad journalism.
I will never stop caring, but if you decide to push me away, I will go.
Napster hijacked our music without asking. They never sought our permission. Our catalog of music simply became available as free downloads on the Napster system.
It takes two hands to clap! I cannot be solely blamed for what happened in my relationships! If things soured, it happened because of both parties. Not just me!
The want of logic annoys. Too much logic bores. Life eludes logic, and everything that logic alone constructs remains artificial and forced.
A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have.
The voice of the intellect is a soft one, but it does not rest until it has gained a hearing.
As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand.
Sex is not sinful, but sin has perverted it.
Liberty has never come from government. Liberty has always come from the subjects of it. The history of liberty is a history of resistance. The history of liberty is a history of limitations of governmental power, not the increase of it.
Left-wing politicians take away your liberty in the name of children and of fighting poverty, while right-wing politicians do it in the name of family values and fighting drugs. Either way, government gets bigger and you become less free.
Blue cheese contains natural amphetamines. Why are students not informed about this?
Wedding is destiny, and hanging likewise.
Naturally, when one makes progressive steps, there may be some who see it as a betrayal of their goals and interests.
Dont trust people whose feelings change with time. Trust people whose feelings remain the same, even when the time changes.
Your prince will come one day. He may not ride a white horse or live in a big castle but he will love you and only you.
Only free men can negotiate; prisoners cannot enter into contracts. Your freedom and mine cannot be separated.
The real and lasting victories are those of peace, and not of war.
Lifes a garden. Dig it.
I don\'t know that love changes. People change. Circumstances change.
He that is well paid is well satisfied.
Advertising is a valuable economic factor because it is the cheapest way of selling goods, particularly if the goods are worthless.
It is the trade of lawyers to question everything, yield nothing, and talk by the hour.
America is just the country that how all the written guarantees in the world for freedom are no protection against tyranny and oppression of the worst kind. There the politician has come to be looked upon as the very scum of society.
When you are setting yourself up for success above all put on love because love never fails and with onesizefitsall solution to every situation you will ever encounter. 
The universe is not rich enough to buy the vote of an honest man.
But what is happiness except the simple harmony between a man and the life he leads?
He who exercises government by means of his virtue may be compared to the north polar star, which keeps its place and all the stars turn towards it.
What the American public wants in the theater is a tragedy with a happy ending.
Freedom is always and exclusively freedom for the one who thinks differently.
I have had death threats from people with fixations.
The wise man sits on the hole in his carpet.
The worst indignity is to be given a bedpan by a stranger who calls you by your first name.
Be smart, but never show it.
I need someone new in my life.
That was the reasoning behind learning to play bass, and then after that it was more like it was neat to play songs together - for me to play bass and for him to play guitar.
Force does not constitute right... obedience is due only to legitimate powers.
We Greeks believe that a man who takes no part in public affairs is not merely lazy, but good for nothing
The barking of a dog does not disturb the man on a camel.
Victory at all costs, victory in spite of all terror, victory however long and hard the road may be; for without victory there is no survival.
The return makes one love the farewell.
If you do nothing you get nothing.
Thatch your roof before rainy weather, dig your well before you become parched with thirst.
The two most common elements in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity.
Fear not a jest. If one throws salt at you, you will not be harmed unless you have sore places.
It is always wise to look ahead, but difficult to look further than you can see.
A slip of the foot you may soon recover, but a slip of the tongue you may never get over.
Riches serve a wise man, but command a fool.
The dream begins with a teacher who believes in you, who tugs and pushes and leads you to the next plateau, sometimes poking you with a sharp stick called truth.
Some television programs are so much chewing gum for the eyes.
Marriage is the chief cause of divorce.
People go to church for the same reasons they go to a tavern: to stupefy themselves, to forget their misery, to imagine themselves, for a few minutes anyway, free and happy.
The first follower is actually an underestimated form of leadership in itself. ... The first follower is what transforms a lone nut into a leader.
If we begin with certainties, we shall end in doubts; but if we begin with doubts, and are patient in them, we shall end in certainties.
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed on an equal or greater benefit.
Mathematicians are born, not made.
Reformation ends not in contemplation, but in action.
Defend my honor – Protect my pride
Philosophers are adults who persist in asking childish questions.
Ninety percent of all human wisdom is the ability to mind your own business.
A traitor is everyone who does not agree with me.
Hell is—other people!
The possession of power inevitably spoils the free use of reason.
What we do upon some great occasion will probably depend on what we already are. What we are will be the result of previous years of self-discipline.
Success isn\'t permanent and failure isn\'t fatal.
Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
Buddhism is not a creed, it is a doubt.
Set priorities for your goals. A major part of successful living lies in the ability to put first things first. Indeed, the reason most major goals are not achieved is that we spend our time doing second things first.
Marriage is obsolete and a trap.
Music is part of us, and either ennobles or degrades our behavior.
The backbone of surprise is fusing speed with secrecy.
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.
Non-cooperation with evil is as much a duty as is cooperation with good.
Dear guys: When you make a girl fall for you, either catch their, or provide some padding of explanation as to why not. Thanks for that consideration.
Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible.
People dont change, their priorities do.
We must welcome the future, remembering that soon it will be the past, and we must respect the past, knowing that once it was all that was humanly possible.
One of the best ways of keeping your temper in an argument, as most of us know only too well, is not to listen to anything the other person has to say.
I love when people underestimate me and then become pleasantly surprised.
Economy has frequently nothing whatever to do with the amount of money being spent, but with the wisdom used in spending it.
It is better that ten guilty escape than one innocent suffer.
Our environment, the world in which we live and work, is a mirror of our attitudes and expectations.
Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo.
Friendship is so weird... you just pick a human youve met and youre like yup I like this one? and you just do stuff with them.
...happiness is the highest good, being a realization and perfect practice of virtue, which some can attain, while others have little or none of it...
At rest, however, in the middle of everything is the sun.
Two things define your personality, the way you manage things when you have nothing, and the way you behave when you have everything.
For he who has health has hope; and he who has hope, has everything.
Technology gives us the facilities that lessen the barriers of time and distance - the telegraph and cable, the telephone, radio, and the rest.
The first forty years of life give us the text; the next thirty supply the commentary on it.
A century ago, petroleum – what we call oil – was just an obscure commodity; today it is almost as vital to human existence as water.
The only man you can depend on is your father.
By starving emotions we become humorless, rigid and stereotyped; by repressing them we become literal, reformatory and holier-than-thou; encouraged, they perfume life; discouraged, they poison it.
America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand.
We all agree that pessimism is a mark of superior intellect.
The unspoken word never does harm.
The most dangerous moment comes with victory.
The education of the will is the object of our existence.
Of all base passions, fear is the most accursed.
History shows that where ethics and economics come in conflict, victory is always with economics. Vested interests have never been known to have willingly divested themselves unless there was sufficient force to compel them.
My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me.
This morning I took out a comma and this afternoon I put it back in again.
A person born to be a flower pot will not go beyond the porch.
Has God forgotten all I have done for Him.
White lies always introduce others of a darker complexion.
There are many domestic issues that give us a lot of common ground to work on. Health, education and immigration are among the areas where we share mutual goals and aspirations. There are also many values that we share as a communities.
In preparation for it, we need to have folks who are trained, we need facilities, equipment and supplies, that are going to be built into our society, and we are going to spend a lot of money on it.
Insane people are always sure that they are fine. It is only the sane people who are willing to admit that they are crazy.
There is no substitute for thoroughgoing, ardent and sincere earnestness.
If a man can bridge the gap between life and death, if he can live on after he\'s dead, then maybe he was a great man.
Friendship is the golden thread that ties the heart of all the world.
War is what happens when language fails.
Anger is the feeling that makes your mouth work faster than your mind.
Those who know the truth are not equal to those who love it Confucius All truth is safe and nothing else is safe, but he who keeps back truth, or withholds it from men, from motives of expediency, is either a coward or a criminal.
The only life worth living is the one youre passionate about.
Forgiveness is nothing but recognizing the reality that what has happened has already happened, and that theres no point in allowing it to dominate the rest of your life
To understand the immeasurable the mind must be extraordinarily quiet still. 
People, like sheep, tend to follow a leader - occasionally in the right direction.
A happy life is one which is in accordance with its own nature.
Where mercy, love, and pity dwell, there God is dwelling too.
The snow goose need not bathe to make itself white. Neither need you do anything but be yourself.
Poisons and medicine are oftentimes the same substance given with different intents.
Heavy hearts, like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relieved by the letting of a little water.
Middle age is when your broad mind and narrow waist begin to change places.
May your life preach more loudly than your lips.
You only lose what you cling to.
Life is a grindstone. Whether it grinds us down or polishes us up depends on us.
I love winners when they cry, losers when they try.
Fortune gives too much to many, enough to none.
When you ain\'t got no money, you gotta get an attitude.
The most striking development of the great depression of 1929 is a profound skepticism of the future of contemporary society among large sections of the American people.
If you eat something and get fat, you should be responsible for it. I think that is the attitude of the great majority of Americans, that you should be responsible for what you eat.
What makes us human, I think, is an ability to ask questions, a consequence of our sophisticated spoken language.
The key, of course, is to stay away from the losing years.
To define it rudely but not ineptly, engineering is the art of doing for 10 shillings what any fool can do for a pound
Man is the most intelligent of the animals - and the most silly.
You are born an artist or you are not. And you stay an artist, dear, even if your voice is less of a fireworks. The artist is always there.
The problems of victory are more agreeable than those of defeat, but they are no less difficult.
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends.
I am... a mushroom; On whom the dew of heaven drops now and then.
These capitalists generally act harmoniously and in concert, to fleece the people.
Age is no guarantee of maturity.
You have to stand up for some things in this world.
Creativity is always a leap of faith. You\'re faced with a blank page, blank easel, or an empty stage.
A discerning eye needs only a hint, and understatement leaves the imagination free to build its own elaborations.
The less government interferes with private pursuits, the better for general prosperity.
Sarcasm helps keep you from telling people what you really think of them.
Celerity is never more admired than by the negligent.
One of the things that happens in the business is that success is a very strange thing in that if you are involved in something very successful the next person wants you to repeat it.
Motherhood is the greatest thing and the hardest thing.
If it be a sin to covet honor, I am the most offending soul.
The best leaders are those most interested in surrounding themselves with assistants and associates smarter than they are. They are frank in admitting this and are willing to pay for such talents.
Cooking with kids is not just about ingredients, recipes, and cooking. It\'s about harnessing imagination, empowerment, and creativity.
If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
Life levels all men. Death reveals the eminent.
It has always seemed that a fear of judgment is the mark of guilt and the burden of insecurity. 
The cosmos is about the smallest hole that a man can hide his head in.
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple
Democracy, good governance and modernity cannot be imported or imposed from outside a country.
Global interdependence today means that economic disasters in developing countries could create a backlash on developed countries.
For too long, decisions have been taken behind closed doors - tablets of stone have simply been past down to people without bothering to involve people, listen to their views or give them information about what we are doing and why.
I am not omniscient but I know a lot. 
No man\'s knowledge here can go beyond his experience.
Real stupidity beats artificial intelligence every time.
Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love?
The Eternal looked upon me for a moment with His eye of power, and annihilated me in His being, and become manifest to me in His essence. I saw I existed through Him.
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
Banning guns addresses a fundamental right of all Americans to feel safe.
The eyes are not responsible when the mind does the seeing.
Smile is the second best thing you can do with your lips. ;-)
The pessimist sees only the tunnel; the optimist sees the light at the end of the tunnel; the realist sees the tunnel and the light - and the next tunnel.
Aviation is proof that given, the will, we have the capacity to achieve the impossible.
One must not make oneself cheap here - that is a cardinal point - or else one is done. Whoever is most impertinent has the best chance.
Hug the shore; let others try the deep.
A woman may very well form a friendship with a man, but for this to endure, it must be assisted by a little physical antipathy.
Quackery has no friend like gullibility.
Men are born ignorant, not stupid. They are made stupid by education.
Communism doesn\'t work because people like to own stuff.
There are many selfish people who are extremely original, then they take those pure ideas and use them to raise themselves up, that is an insincere move.
To do two things at once is to do neither.
Where is the politician who has not promised to fight to the death for lower taxes- and who has not proceeded to vote for the very spending projects that make tax cuts impossible?
Virginity can be lost by a thought.
Death? Why this fuss about death? Use your imagination, try to visualize a world without death! Death is the essential condition of life, not an evil.
I wish I had invented blue jeans. They have expression, modesty, sex appeal, simplicity - all I hope for in my clothes.
Dullness is the coming of age of seriousness.
How hard it is to make an Englishman acknowledge that he is happy.
A consensus means that everyone agrees to say collectively what no one believes individually.
Lions are born knowing they are predators. Antelopes understand they are the prey.  Humans are one of the few creatures on Earth given the choice.
Our time together is just never quite enough.
I Hope You Know Cpr, Cuz You Take My Breath Away!
The funniest racism is the racism between minorities. It\'s something you don\'t see dramatized, but almost every minority I know who\'s my age, they have these funny stories about their parents stereotyping other minorities.
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf.
For every prohibition you create, you also create an underground.
Beauty might bring happiness, but happiness always brings beauty
Impossibilities are merely things of which we have not learned, or which we do not wish to happen.
The priest is the personification of falsehood.
The house of delusions is cheap to build but drafty to live in.
Broad-minded is just another way of saying a fellow is too lazy to form an opinion.
Between saying and doing there is a long road.
Character is not made in a crisis -- it is only exhibited.
Wisdom ceases to be wisdom when it becomes too proud to weep, too grave to laugh, and too selfish to seek other than itself.
Every man thinks meanly of himself for not having been a soldier, or not having been at sea.
The ancestor of every action is a thought.
Personal transformation can and does have global effects. As we go, so goes the world, for the world is us. The revolution that will save the world is ultimately a personal one.
We always ignore the ones who adore us, and adore those who ignore us.
All speech, written or spoken, is a dead language, until it finds a willing and prepared hearer.
you have my heart can I have yours..
More socialism means more democracy, openness and collectivism in everyday life.
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
The American Revolution was a beginning, not a consummation.
A prayer for the wild at heart kept in cages.
It is never too late to make things right.
How can you trust people who are poor and own no property? ... Inequality of property will exist as long as liberty exists.
Socrates said he was not an Athenian or a Greek, but a citizen of the world.
I believe that the sun shines after the rain....I believe if you dont get hurt youll never gain...I believe in not doing things the easy way....I believe that being selfish doesnt pay....I believe in a second chance.
When virtue and modesty enlighten her charms, the lustre of a beautiful woman is brighter than the stars of heaven, and the influence of her power it is in vain to resist.
The more he cast away the more he had.
Risk more than others think is safe. Care more than others think is wise. Dream more than others think is practical. Expect more than others think is possible.
I feel that man-hating is an honorable and viable political act, that the oppressed have a right to class-hatred against the class that is oppressing them.
Hypocrisy is a value that I think has been embraced by the Republican Party. We get lectured by people all day long about moral values by people who have their own moral shortcomings.
A ship ought not to be held by one anchor, nor life by a single hope.
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can.
Money is power, and in that government which pays all the public officers of the states will all political power be substantially concentrated.
A baby is born with a need to be loved - and never outgrows it.
If you get simple beauty and naught else, you get about the best God invents.
Logic is like the sword
Never trust a computer you can\'t throw out a window.
In the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make.
What lies ahead may be far better than anything you ever thought possible. But its up to you to get over the past.
When patterns are broken, new worlds can emerge.
It is not an arrogant government that chooses priorities, it\'s an irresponsible government that fails to choose.
The more the universe seems comprehensible, the more it also seems pointless.
To hold a pen is to be at war.
The desire of power in excess caused the angels to fall; the desire of knowledge in excess caused man to fall.
I think somehow we learn who we really are and then we live with that decision.
Reality is the leading cause of stress amongst those in touch with it.
A person who truly loves you, is someone who sees the pain in your eyes, while everyone else believes in the smile on your face.
A confession has to be part of your new life.
You want to come into my life, the door is open. You want to leave my life, the door is open. Just one request; dont stand in front of the door, you are blocking traffic :)
Alas, the fearful Unbelief is unbelief in yourself.
We should favor innovation and freedom over regulation.
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul.
If a man could have half of his wishes, he would double his troubles.
It is not the young people that degenerate they are not spoiled till those of mature age are already sunk into corruption.
Fake is the new trend and some of my friends seem to be in style.
The Devil pulls the strings which make us dance<BR>We find delight in the most loathsome things<BR>Some furtherance of Hell each new day brings<BR>And yet we feel no horror in that rank advance. 
A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools.
The secret to film is that it\'s an illusion.
Gulal ka rang gubbaro ki maar suraj ki kirne khushiyo ki bahaar chand ki chandni apno ka pyaar mubarak ho A apko RANGO KA TYOHAAR Happy Holi
Status under construction of life.
From fortune to misfortune is but a step; from misfortune to fortune is a long way.
He is rich who is content with the least; for contentment is the wealth of nature.
We need diversity of thought in the world to face the new challenges.
We never love a person, but only qualities.
I am not a communist and neither is the revolutionary movement.
If I survive, I will spend my whole life at the oven door seeing that no one is denied bread and, so as to give a lesson of charity, especially those who did not bring flour.
The best prophet of the future is the past.
The whole religious complexion of the modern world is due to the absence from Jerusalem of a lunatic asylum.
Necessity is blind until it becomes conscious. Freedom is the consciousness of necessity.
There is a certain right by which we many deprive a man of life but none by which we may deprive him of death this is mere cruelty. 
Clear thinking requires courage rather than intelligence.
I am not arguing with you - I am telling you.
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
O how small a portion of earth will hold us when we are dead, who ambitiously seek after the whole world while we are living.
my life is like a football game- when i feel my life is going to get the goal some people kick me toward other goal and this way life goes on still finding the goal .
Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worse kind of suffering.
The world has nothing to fear from military ambition in our Government.
What we must decide is perhaps how we are valuable, rather than how valuable we are.
Strive mightily, but eat and drink as friends.
Wasted time means wasted lives.
Stolen waters are sweet, and bread eaten in secret is pleasant. Proverbs 9:17
In time of peace prepare for war.
Religions die when they are proved to be true. Science is the record of dead religions.
Better indeed is knowledge than mechanical practice. Better than knowledge is meditation. But better still is surrender of attachment to results, because there follows immediate peace.
As irrigators lead water where they want, as archers make their arrows straight, as carpenters carve wood, the wise shape their minds.
Get thee glass eyes, and like a scurvy politician, seem to see the things thou dost not.
The fickleness of the women I love is only equalled by the infernal constancy of the women who love me.
Dont?be upset with people and situations in your life, because both are powerless without your reaction.
Maybe John Kerry does not know - but I am happy to explain it to him - that my commitment to withdraw the troops goes back before the tragic, dramatic terrorist attack.
Nobody can give a good performance unless the authors and composers have written a good part, a fact which is often overlooked.
Actors are agents of change. A film, a piece of theater, a piece of music, or a book can make a difference. It can change the world.
If my poetry aims to achieve anything, it\'s to deliver people from the limited ways in which they see and feel.
The impending teacher shortage is the most critical education issue we will face in the next decade.
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.
A loafer always has the correct time.
What strange creatures brothers are!
A fresh pair of eyes can often find problems.
Fire and swords are slow engines of destruction, compared to the tongue of a Gossip.
Nothing else so destroys the power to stand alone as the habit of leaning upon others. If you lean, you will never be strong or original. Stand alone or bury your ambition to be somebody in the world.
To the wrongs that need resistance, To the right that needs assistance, To the future in the distance, Give yourselves.
A society in which consumption has to be artificially stimulated in order to keep production going is a society founded on trash and waste, and such a society is a house built upon sand.
Curiosity is the wick in the candle of learning.
Desire is half of life; indifference is half of death.
People who are not happy with themselves, can not possibly be happy with you.
A strong foe is better than a weak friend.
Not often in the story of mankind does a man arrive on earth who is both steel and velvet, who is as hard as rock and soft as drifting fog, who holds in his heart and mind the paradox of terrible storm and peace unspeakable and perfect.
I have never wished to cater to the crowd; for what I know they do not approve, and what they approve I do not know.
No man should bring children into the world who is unwilling to persevere to the end in their nature and education.
Liars are always most disposed to swear.
True humility is contentment.
Beauty is potent, but money is omnipotent.
They throw the ball, I hit it. They hit the ball, I catch it.
Interestingly, koi, when put in a fish bowl, will only grow up to three inches. When this same fish is placed in a large tank, it will grow to about nine inches long.
Generally speaking, when a woman offers unsolicited advice or tries to help a man, she has no idea of how critical and unloving she may sound to him.
In Jewish history there are no coincidences.
We are not jumping on the austerity bandwagon. A healthy economy is by far the most important thing for Social Democrats.
The lesson should be constantly enforced that though the people support the Government, Government should not support the people.
Children show me in their playful smiles the divine in everyone. This simple goodness shines straight from their hearts and only asks to be loved.
The good news, to relieve all this gloom, is that a democracy is inherently self-correcting. Here, the people are sovereign. Inept political leaders can be replaced. Foolish policies can be changed. Disastrous mistakes can be reversed.
Forgive all who have offended you, not for them, but for yourself.
Shallow understanding from people of good will is more frustrating than absolute misunderstanding from people of ill-will.
I am where I am because of the bridges that I crossed. Sojourner Truth was a bridge. Harriet Tubman was a bridge. Ida B. Wells was a bridge. Madame C. J. Walker was a bridge. Fannie Lou Hamer was a bridge.
Stand by your man. Give him two arms to cling to and something warm to come to.
Many times a day I realize how my own outer and inner life is built upon the labors of my fellow men, both living and dead, and how earnestly I must exert myself in return as much as I have received.
For those who wish to climb the mountain of spiritual awareness, the path is selfless work. For those who have attained the summit of union with the Lord, the path is stillness and peace.
I learned law so well, the day I graduated I sued the college, won the case, and got my tuition back.
Live and let live is not enough; live and help live is not too much.
Many people lose the small joys in the hope for the big happiness.
If a man is destined to drown, he will drown even in a spoonful of water.
The wages of sin are death, but by the time taxes are taken out, it\'s just sort of a tired feeling.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
The only sure bulwark of continuing liberty is a government strong enough to protect the interests of the people, and a people strong enough and well enough informed to maintain its sovereign control over the goverment.
War is just a racket... I believe in adequate defense at the coastline and nothing else.
The most seductive thing about art is the personality of the artist himself.
This is a story about a man named Eddie and it begins at the end, with Eddie dying in the sun.
All sins have their origin in a sense of inferiority, otherwise called ambition.
For last years words belong to last years language and next years words await another voice.
Prometheus is action. Hamlet is hesitation. In Prometheus the obstacle is exterior; in Hamlet it is interior. In Prometheus the will is securely nailed down by nails of brass and cannot get loose; besides, it has by its side two watchers
An hour spent reading is one stolen from paradise.
Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.
True bravery is shown by performing without witness what one might be capable of doing before all the world.
Strong people make as many mistakes as weak people. Difference is that strong people admit their mistakes, laugh at them, learn from them. That is how they become strong.
All good work is done the way ants do things, little by little.
One night a father overheard his son pray: Dear God, Make me the kind of man my Daddy is. Later that night, the Father prayed, Dear God, Make me the kind of man my son wants me to be.
If I have someone who believes in me, I can move mountains.
I lie on the floor washed by nothing and hanging on. I cry at night. I am afraid of hearing voices or a voice. I have come to the edge of the land. I could get pushed over. 
The worst thing we can do is to do nothing.
Little else is requisite to carry a state to the highest degree of opulence from the lowest barbarism but peace, easy taxes, and a tolerable administration of justice: all the rest being brought about by the natural course of things.
Never climb a fence when you can sit on it.
Where there is devotional music, God is always at hand with His gracious presence.
Inconsiderate, rude behavior drives me nuts. And I guess the inconsiderate rudeness of social ineptitude definitely fuels my work.
Truth emerges more readily from error than from confusion.
You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing.
If your computer speaks English, it was probably made in Japan.
The best feeling in the world is when someone you hate tells a joke and nobody laughs :)
When you cease to dream you cease to live.
Look well into thyself; there is a source of strength which will always spring up if thou wilt always look there.
A company is only as good as the people it keeps.
Good counselors lack no clients.
Never assume the obvious is true.
No one ever got rich with a poor attitude
I drink therefore I am.
I visited Jobs for the last time in his Palo Alto, Calif., home. He had moved to a downstairs bedroom because he was too weak to go up and down stairs. He was curled up in some pain, but his mind was still sharp and his humor vibrant.
Wine and cheese are ageless companions, like aspirin and aches, or June and moon, or good people and noble ventures.
The 22nd Amendment should probably be modified to say two consecutive terms instead of two terms for a lifetime.
The hardest choice in life is usually between what you want, and what you deserve.
We are so obsessed with doing that we have no time and no imagination left for being. As a result, men are valued not for what they are but for what they do or what they have - for their usefulness.
When you are laboring for others let it be with the same zeal as if it were for yourself.
The Internet has always been, and always will be, a magic box.
Sometimes i want to go back in time and punch myself in the face.
If a man wants you, nothing can keep him away. If he doesnt want you, nothing can make him stay.
If you love large, you\'ve got to hurt large. If you\'ve got a lot of light, you\'ve probably got an equal amount of darkness.
Many fiction writers eventually want to feel that their work forms a single, unified entity.
To be ignorant of the lives of the most celebrated men of antiquity is to continue in a state of childhood all our days.
Sometimes the first duty of intelligent men is the restatement of the obvious.
Back in those days intimidation was the greatest tool the drill instructor had. Without that tool, he would not have had control.
If you want something said, ask a man; if you want something done, ask a woman.
The hardships that I encountered in the past will help me succeed in the future.
There\'s no better feeling in the world than a warm pizza box on your lap.
To confine our attention to terrestrial matters would be to limit the human spirit.
Regardless of how you feel inside, always try to look like a winner. Even if you are behind, a sustained look of control and confidence can give you a mental edge that results in victory.
I think a lot of it is that we used to tour so much that we never really had time to write songs.
Stay Faithful or Stay SINGLE!
Beginnings are always messy.
Controversy is only dreaded by the advocates of error.
International business may conduct its operations with scraps of paper, but the ink it uses is human blood.
To the right, books; to the left, a tea-cup. In front of me, the fireplace; behind me, the post. There is no greater happiness than this.
Newspapers that are truly independent, like The Washington Post, can still aggressively investigate anyone or anything with no holds barred.
Everybody blames the culture without taking responsibility.
A baby is God\'s opinion that life should go on.
You can tell the ideals of a nation by its advertising.
Three can keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
It is better we disintegrate in peace and not in pieces.
The element of the unexpected and the unforeseeable is what gives some of its relish to life and saves us from falling into the mechanical thralldom of the logicians.
Every act of rebellion expresses a nostalgia for innocence and an appeal to the essence of being.
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
You are as young as your faith, as old as your doubt; as young as your self-confidence, as old as your fear; as young as your hope, as old as your despair.
When I die India will be found engraved on my heart.
Life Is Never About The People Who Act Sincere In Front Of you.
Marriage is the sunset of love.
There is no dignity  quite so impressive,  and no independence  quite so important,  as living within your means.
Power is the most persuasive rhetoric.
How strange this fear of death is! We are never frightened at a sunset.
And yet to every bad there is a worse.
I don\'t look my age, I don\'t feel my age and I don\'t act my age. To me age is just a number.
Searching is half the fun: life is much more manageable when thought of as a scavenger hunt as opposed to a surprise party.
Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them.
Do you pray for the Senators, Dr. Hale? someone asked the chaplain. No, I look at the Senators and pray for the country.
The world is divided into two classes, those who believe the incredible, and those who do the improbable.
For what can war, but endless war, still breed?
We were aware of the fact that death walks hand in hand with struggle.
By repeated blows even the oak is felled.
Unfortunately, the balance of nature decrees that a super-abundance of dreams is paid for by a growing potential for nightmares.
Good wine needs no bush, and perhaps products that people really want need no hard-sell or soft-sell TV push. Why not? Look at pot.
War is only a cowardly escape from the problems of peace.
I believe in Michelangelo, Velasquez, and Rembrandt; in the might of design, the mystery of color, the redemption of all things by Beauty everlasting, and the message of Art that has made these hands blessed. Amen. Amen.
Logic is the anatomy of thought.
The road to Easy Street goes through the sewer.
Always be nice to bankers. Always be nice to pension fund managers. Always be nice to the media. In that order.
But better to get hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie.
Be not curious in unnecessary matters: for more things are shrewd unto thee than men understand.
All that makes existence valuable to any one depends on the enforcement of restraints upon the actions of other people.
Color contributes to beauty, but it is not beauty. Color should have a minor part in the consideration of beauty, because it is not color but the structure that constitutes its essence.
In comradeship is danger countered best.
Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves?
Pearl Harbor caused our Nation to wholeheartedly commit to winning World War II, changing the course of our Nation\'s history and the world\'s future.
It is our duty as men and women to proceed as though the limits of our abilities do not exist.
Growth occurs when individuals confront problems struggle to master them and through that struggle develop new aspects of their skills capacities views about life. 
Two things define you, your patience when you have nothing, and your attitude when you have everything
He who puts out his hand to stop the wheel of history will have his fingers crushed.
Sick of crying tired of trying yeah I am smiling, but inside I am DYING
Love keeps the cold out better than a cloak.
Just a little help, a small security force, a bit of food, can save lives.
Communism will win.
Your security is not in the hands of Kerry, Bush or al-Qaida. Your security is in your own hands.
Real leadership is leaders recognizing that they serve the people that they lead.
No one wants advice - only corroboration.
My main frustration is the fear of cancer from low dose radiation, even by radiologists.
Do you want to be safe and good, or do you want to take a chance and be great?
When the legends die, the dreams end; there is no more greatness.
My own luck has been curious all my literary life; I could never tell a lie that anyone would doubt, nor a truth that anyone would believe.
I assess the power of a will by how much resistance, pain, torture it endures and knows how to turn to its advantage.
The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.
Statistics is the grammar of science.
It is a brave act to despise death; but where life is more terrible than death, it is then the truest valor to dare to live.
Every society gets the kind of criminal it deserves. What is equally true is that every community gets the kind of law enforcement it insists on.
On occasions I have been big-headed. I think most people are when they get in the limelight. I call myself Big Head just to remind myself not to be.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
The ear tends to be lazy, craves the familiar and is shocked by the unexpected; the eye, on the other hand, tends to be impatient, craves the novel and is bored by repetition.
America is like an unfaithful love who promises us more than we got.
Words - so innocent and powerless as they are, as standing in a dictionary, how potent for good and evil they become in the hands of one who knows how to combine them.
Gold is proved in the fire, friendship in need.
The poetry of the earth is never dead.
There are a lot of people who waited a lot of years to become citizens. These people just walked across the border.
Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know.
A hallmark of the Latino community is to help one another, if students are interested in a way to give back and help their communities, becoming a teacher is probably one of the very best ways of doing that.
Those men are most apt to be obsequious and conciliating abroad, who are under the discipline of shrews at home.
Climbing to the top demands strength, whether it is to the top of Mount Everest or to the top of your career.
No more waisting time thinking about wasted time.
Action springs not from thought, but from a readiness for responsibility.
There is honor in labor. Work is the medicine of the soul. It is more: it is your very life, without which you would amount to little.
Nature uses as little as possible of anything.
The logic of validation allows us to move between the two limits of dogmatism and skepticism.
To be afraid is to behave as if the truth were not true.
I dont have time to hate people... who hates me. because i am too busy in loving people who loves me...
Make the mistakes of yesterday your lessons for today.
Cuba ought to be free and independent, and the government should be turned over to the Cuban people.
Laws are not invented. They grow out of circumstances.
A decent provision for the poor is the true test of civilization.
Situational variables can exert powerful influences over human behavior, more so that we recognize or acknowledge.
It is strange to be known so universally and yet to be so lonely.
Poetry heals the wounds inflicted by reason.
All of nature begins to whisper its secrets to us through its sounds. Sounds that were previously incomprehensible to our soul now become the meaningful language of nature.
There can be no vulnerability without risk; there can be no community without vulnerability; there can be no peace, and ultimately no life, without community.
Only distance tests the strength of horses; only time reveals the hearts of men.
When I joke they take it seriously. When I am serious they take it as a joke.
I love my man as my fellow; but his scepter, real, or usurped, extends not to me, unless the reason of an individual demands my homage; and even then the submission is to reason, and not to man.
I am sure that no man can derive more pleasure from money or power than I do from seeing a pair of basketball goals in some out of the way place.
We are like angels with just one wing. We can only fly by embracing each other.
The process of scientific discovery is, in effect, a continual flight from wonder.
There is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so.
The nearest way to glory is to strive to be what you wish to be thought to be.
There are two ways to slide easily through life: to believe everything or to doubt everything; both ways save us from thinking.
Footprints on the sands of time are not made by sitting down.
A table, a chair, a bowl of fruit and a violin; what else does a man need to be happy?
When prosperity comes, do not use all of it.
Politicians all too often think about the next election. Statesmen think about the next generation.
All successful people are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose.
I was raised on the streets, in hot, steamy Brooklyn, with stifled air.
You were about five feet short of a ten feet jump?
Man is a genius when he is dreaming.
No trait is more justified than revenge in the right time and place.
Zeal is a volcano, the peak of which the grass of indecisiveness does not grow.
Society often forgives the criminal; it never forgives the dreamer.
Cruel leaders are replaced only to have new leaders turn cruel.
If you want your eggs hatched, sit on them yourself.
I am a very sensitive person, very impulsive and emotional.
This is the moment when we must come together to save this planet. Let us resolve that we will not leave our children a world where the oceans rise and famine spreads and terrible storms devastate our lands.
A cloudy day is no match for a sunny disposition.
To feel much for others and little for ourselves; to restrain our selfishness and exercise our benevolent affections, constitute the perfection of human nature.
It is hard to convince a high-school student that he will encounter a lot of problems more difficult than those of algebra and geometry.
Envy is more irreconcilable than hatred.
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
A society that gets rid of all its troublemakers goes downhill.
We have the duty of formulating, of summarizing, and of communicating our conclusions, in intelligible form, in recognition of the right of other free minds to utilize them in making their own decisions.
I don\'t know why people are so obsessed with age anyway. I mean, 90 is the new 70; 70 is the new 50 and 50 is the new 40; so the whole act-your-age thing? Only up to a point.
There are always three speeches, for every one you actually gave. The one you practiced, the one you gave, and the one you wish you gave.
Every man has a rainy corner of his life whence comes foul weather which follows him.
A rocky vineyard does not need a prayer, but a pick axe.
I decry the current tendency to seek patents on algorithms. There are better ways to earn a living than to prevent other people from making use of one\'s contributions to computer science.
To travel is to discover that everyone is wrong about other countries.
I live a very low-key life.
An idea is salvation by imagination.
I hate myself and I want to die.
No written law has ever been more binding than unwritten custom supported by popular opinion.
We must remember not to judge any public servant by any one act, and especially should we beware of attacking the men who are merely the occasions and not the cause of disaster.
All the hours wound you, the last one kills. [Vulnerant omnia, ultima necat.]
Remember that the most beautiful things in the world are the most useless; peacocks and lilies, for instance.
If you nurture your mind, body, and spirit, your time will expand. You will gain a new perspective that will allow you to accomplish much more.
More business is lost every year through neglect than through any other cause.
A gentleman will not insult me, and no man not a gentleman can insult me.
Life is an awful, ugly place to not have a best friend.
When you love someone, you miss them more, cry when their not there and fear the worst when you havent heard from them..
I never think that people die. They just go to department stores.
Make no mistake between my personality and my attitude. My personality is who i am and my attitude depends on who you are.
Most men are not wicked... They are sleepwalkers not evil evildoers. 
Death is a delightful hiding place for weary men.
Being a kid and growing up is such a cool part of life.
I think the most important thing a woman can have - next to talent, of course - is her hairdresser.
Of course, nothing happens until somebody sells something.
Literature is the denunciation of the times in which one lives.
So do not think of helpful whores as aberrational blots; I could not love you half so well without my practice shots.
If they had a social gospel in the days of the prodigal son, somebody would have given him a bed and a sandwich and he never would have gone home.
The great and glorious masterpiece of man is how to live with purpose.
Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigor of the mind.
Good manners is the art of making those people easy with whom we converse. Whoever makes the fewest people uneasy is the best bred in the room.
Ive tried and tried and now I give up. I refuse to be the perfect friend to people that cant treat me with the same respect.
That awkward moment when you realize that Valentines day is approaching fast and the only one you love is your pet.
Always vote for a principle, though you vote alone, and you may cherish the sweet reflection that your vote is never lost.
To expect a personality to survive the disintegration of the brain is like expecting a cricket club to survive when all of its members are dead.
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.
The love of learning, the sequestered nooks, And all the sweet serenity of books.
Between friends, differences in taste or opinion are irritating in direct proportion to their triviality.
I had no real education because I was in and out of schools so I decided that I would completely change my look, change my image, change my name and move to New York.
To be ignorant of what occurred before you were born is to remain always a child.
I just get things done instead of talking about getting them done. I don\'t go out and party. I don\'t smoke, drink or do drugs and I\'m not married, that leaves a lot of time for my work.
I am called a dog because I fawn on those who give me anything, I yelp at those who refuse, and I set my teeth in rascals.
Why Is It That The Person That Makes You The Happiest Is The Same Person That Hurts You The Most?
Blue eyes say, Love me or I die; black eyes say, Love me or I kill thee.
Study the past, if you would divine the future.
Archaeology is the peeping Tom of the sciences. It is the sandbox of men who care not where they are going; they merely want to know where everyone else has been.
I am sometimes a fox and sometimes a lion. The whole secret of government lies in knowing when to be the one or the other.
I used to go missing a lot... Miss Canada, Miss United Kingdom, Miss World.
Sometimes there is so much we feel but so little we can say.
Winners take chances. Like everyone else, they fear failing, but they refuse to let fear control them.
Dreams are the seeds of change. Nothing ever grows without a seed, and nothing ever changes without a dream.
Avoid extremes: be moderate In saving and in spending; An equable and easy gait Will win an easy ending.
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.
Today is Friday.Gods gift to the working people.... Enjoy!
The only people worthy to be in your life are the ones that help you through hard times, and laugh with you after the hard times pass.
Take the risk, it could lead to something beautiful.
To insult someone we call him bestial. For deliberate cruelty and nature, human might be the greater insult.
I rate enthusiasm even above professional skill.
I am a woman who enjoys herself very much; sometimes I lose, sometimes I win.
Perhaps our eyes need to be washed by our tears once in a while, so that we can see Life with a clearer view again.
What is robbing a bank compared with founding a bank?
People who treat other people as less than human must not be surprised when the bread they have cast on the waters comes floating back to them, poisoned.
Pity makes the world soft to the weak and noble to the strong.
The middle class, that prisoner of the barbarian 20th century.
A slavish concern for the composition of words is the sign of a bankrupt intellect. Be gone, odious wasp! You smell of decayed syllables.
It is wonderful how preposterously the affairs of the world are managed. We assemble parliaments and councils to have the benefit of collected wisdom, but we necessarily have, at the same time, the inconvenience of their collected passions, prejudices and private interests: for regulating commerce an assembly of great men is the greatest fool on earth.
A shady business never yields a sunny life.
The aged love what is practical while impetuous youth longs only for what is dazzling.
You cannot teach old dogs new tricks.
For age and want save while you may, No morning sun lasts a whole day.
I believe fundamental honesty is the keystone of business.
If you carry joy in your heart, you can heal any moment.
Shit rolls downhill.
History is but a confused heap of facts.
Our understanding of the world around us is constantly being redefined and expanded, and so therefore, it is wiser to be passionate about seeking for truth than knowing it.
Never tell your story to a deaf man.
You know why nothing ever makes sense? People lie... all the time.
For one year I did go to Performing Arts School, and I had very weird friends.
Nothing happens until the pain of remaining the same outweighs the pain of change.
The things which hurt, instruct.
Everyone has the right to doubt everything as often as he pleases and the duty to do it at least once. No way of looking at things is too sacred to be reconsidered. No way of doing things is beyond improvement.
He also has energy who cannot be deprived of it.
Thinking well to be wise: planning well, wiser: doing well wisest and best of all.
The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you\'ve got it made.
Success comes from taking the initiative and following up... persisting... eloquently expressing the depth of your love. What simple action could you take today to produce a new momentum toward success in your life?
Lying, a telling of beautiful untrue things, this is the proper aim of art.
It was a strange wonderful feeling. To discover eyes upon you when you expected no one to notice you at all. 
Political tyranny is nothing compared to the social tyranny and a reformer who defies society is a more courageous man than a politician who defies Government.
I am Armenian, so of course I am obsessed with laser hair removal! Arms, bikini, legs, underarms... my entire body is hairless.
I experience a period of frightening clarity in those moments when nature is so beautiful. I am no longer sure of myself, and the paintings appear as in a dream.
It\'s not enough that I should succeed - others should fail.
The high prize of life, the crowning glory of a man is to be born with a bias to some pursuit which finds him in employment and happiness-whether it be to make baskets, or broadswords, or canals, or statues, or songs.
No one would have crossed the ocean if he could have gotten off the ship in the storm.
If you have not chosen the Kingdom of God first, it will in the end make no difference what you have chosen instead.
Chocolate is not cheating! After a salty meal, you need a little bit of sweet. This is living, not cheating.
Applause is the echo of a platitude.
The United States Constitution has proved itself the most marvelously elastic compilation of rules of government ever written.
First of all, it does not deter crime, the death penalty.
Love is a blind whore with mental disease and no sense of humor.
If the world comes to an end, I want to be in Cincinnati. Everything comes there ten years later.
Think like a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
The richer you get, the more expensive happiness becomes.
Let us follow our destiny, ebb and flow. Whatever may happen, we master fortune by accepting it.
I never had to choose a subject - my subject rather chose me.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
Do more than is required. What is the distance between someone who achieves their goals consistently and those who spend their lives and careers merely following? The extra mile.
I am a firm believer in education and have worked very hard to tell young Latinos that they must go to college and that, if possible, they should pursue an advanced degree. I am convinced that education is the great equalizer.
The potential possibilities of any child are the most intriguing and stimulating in all creation.
Truth will rise above falsehood as oil above water.
No matter how good or bad you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful for life. Someone somewhere else is fighting to survive.
The greatest truths are the simplest, and so are the greatest men.
I wondered if that was how forgiveness budded; not with the fanfare of epiphany, but with pain gathering its things, packing up, and slipping away unannounced in the middle of the night.
He could not see a belt without hitting below it.
Boredom is the legitimate kingdom of the philanthropic.
Great opportunities to help others seldom come, but small ones surround us daily.
I guess when you turn off the main road, you have to be prepared to see some funny houses.
When you are in any contest, you should work as if there were - to the very last minute - a chance to lose it. This is battle, this is politics, this is anything.
We are most alive when we\'re in love.
Our doubts are traitors and cause us to miss the good we oft might win by fearing to attempt.
Music is about the performance.
Those who have high thoughts are ever striving; they are not happy to remain in the same place. Like swans that leave their lake and rise into the air, they leave their home and fly for a higher home.
I like to give my inhibitions a bath now and then.
I will prepare and some day my chance will come.
A tear is made of %1 WATER , %99 FEELINGS.
You measure a democracy by the freedom it gives its dissidents, not the freedom it gives its assimilated conformists.
People are pretty forgiving when it comes to other people\'s families. The only family that ever horrifies you is your own.
He taught me how to love, but not how to stop.
Believe in your flyness, conquer your shyness.
The ideal man bears the accidents of life with dignity and grace, making the best of circumstances.
The mintage of wisdom is to know that rest is rust, and that real life is in love, laughter, and work.
Whoever thinks of going to bed before twelve o clock is a scoundrel.
The wise man avoids evil by anticipating it.
A hungry man is not a free man.
Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.
If one had but a single glance to give the world, one should gaze on Istanbul.
Forget being serious..Lets just have fun.
Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns; I am thankful that thorns have roses.
Most of what makes a book good is that we are reading it at the right moment for us. 
Time is the fairest and toughest judge.
The first resistance to social change is to say it\'s not necessary.
The supreme irony of life is that hardly anyone gets out of it alive.
The great dividing line between success and failure can be expressed in five words: I DID NOT HAVE TIME.
Truth is confirmed by inspection and delay; falsehood by haste and uncertainty.
Iran is nothing but trouble, and always has been that.
Humanity may endure the loss of everything; all its possessions may be turned away without infringing its true dignity - all but the possibility of improvement.
The United Nations has a critical role to play in promoting stability, security, democracy, human rights, and economic development. The UN is as relevant today as at any time in its history, but it needs reform.
We the mortals touch the metals,  the wind, the ocean shores, the stones,  knowing they will go on, inert or burning,  and I was discovering, naming all the these things:  it was my destiny to love and say goodbye.
Lazy people are always anxious to be doing something.
On earth there is no heaven, but there are pieces of it.
Nature is not only all that is visible to the eye... it also includes the inner pictures of the soul.
For a change, lady luck seemed to be smiling on me. Then again, maybe the fickle wench was just lulling me into a false sense of security while she reached for a rock.
When you are not practicing, remember somewhere someone is practicing, and when you meet him, he will win.
The thrill of coming home has never changed.
Food is your body\'s fuel. Without fuel, your body wants to shut down.
In giving advice seek to help, not to please, your friend.
In plain truth, lying is an accursed vice. We are not men, nor have any other tie upon another, but by our word.
energy and persistence conquers all things
Ah, great it is to believe the dream as we stand in youth by the starry stream; but a greater thing is to fight life through and say at the end, the dream is true!
The welfare of the people in particular has always been the alibi of tyrants.
To make marijuana against the law is like saying god made a mistake.
Behind it all is surely an idea so simple, so beautiful so compelling that when-in a decade, a century, a millennium-- we grasp it, we will say to each other, how could it have been otherwise?  How can we have been so blind for so long?
For fast acting relief, try slowing down.
Pain has its own noble joy, when it starts a strong consciousness of life, from a stagnant one.
The charitable give out at the door, and God puts in at the window.
Knowledge that is not used is abused.
The men who learn endurance, are they who call the whole world, brother.
There is only one real sin and that is to persuade oneself that the second best is anything but second best.
You are only as strong as your purpose, therefore let us choose reasons to act that are big bold righteous and eternal.
Our best evidence of what people truly feel and believe comes less from their words than from their deeds.
Always do what is right. It will gratify half of mankind and astound the other.
Authority is by nothing so much strengthened and confirmed as by custom; for no man easily distrusts the things which he and all men have been always bred up to.
Two things only a man cannot hide, that he is drunk and that he is in love.
I\'m not the smartest fellow in the world, but I can sure pick smart colleagues.
Emotions have taught mankind to reason.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
The first cut is the deepest.
The only real valuable thing is intuition.
As soon as you set foot on a yacht you belong to some man, not to yourself, and you die of boredom.
Truth made you a traitor as it often does in a time of scoundrels.
Every ass loves to hear himself bray.
If you can run one business well, you can run any business well.
God is the name by which I designate all things which cross my path violently and recklessly, all things which alter my plans and intentions, and change the course of my life, for better or for worse.
They defend their errors as if they were defending their inheritance.
First say to yourself what you would be;  and then do what you have to do.
A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools.
Books are as useful to a stupid person as a mirror is useful to a blind person.
A neurotic is a man who builds a castle in the air. A psychotic is the man who lives in it. A psychiatrist is the man who collects the rent.
Dad, wherever you are, you are gone but you will never be forgotten.
The easiest kind of relationship for me is with ten thousand people. The hardest is with one.
The courage we desire and prize is not the courage to die decently, but to live manfully.
There are two days in my calendar This day and that Day. 
The earth together with its surrounding waters must in fact have such a shape as its shadow reveals, for it eclipses the moon with the arc of a perfect circle.
One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than a hundred teaching it.
Well here at last dear friends on the shores of the Sea comes the end of our fellowship in Middleearth. Go in peace I will not say do not weep for not all tears are an evil. 
In a republic this rule ought to be observed: that the majority should not have the predominant power.
Trusting our intuition often saves us from disaster.
Little things seem nothing, but they give peace, like those meadow flowers which individually seem odorless but all together perfume the air.
Them meaning of good and bad, of better and worse, is simply helping or hurting.
In criticism I will be bold, and as sternly, absolutely just with friend and foe. From this purpose nothing shall turn me.
Life is hard. Then you die. Then they throw dirt in your face. Then the worms eat you. Be grateful it happens in that order.
Be slow in choosing a friend, but slower in changing him.
Many things we need can wait. The child cannot. Now is the time his bones are formed, his mind developed. To him we cannot say tomorrow, his name is today.
Only the madman is absolutely sure.
Times and conditions change so rapidly that we must keep our aim constantly focused on the future.
Anyone can make you happy by doing something special but only someone special can make you happy without doing anything.
Everything human is pathetic. The secret source of humor itself is not joy but sorrow. There is no humor in heaven.
The best vision is insight.
Nothing is more wretched than the mind of a man conscious of guilt.
We can\'t plan life. All we can do is be available for it.
There is only one good -- knowledge; and only one evil -- ignorance.
When age chills the blood, when our pleasures are past--For years fleet away with the wings of the dove-- The dearest remembrance will still be the last, Our sweetest memorial the first kiss of love.
When the adulation of life is gone, the coward sneaks to his death, but the brave live on.
Nothing is worth doing unless the consequences may be serious.
One of the simplest ways to stay happy is to let go of all the things that make you sad.
A big nose never spoiled a handsome face.
Pictures are for entertainment, messages should be delivered by Western Union.
Coercion, after all, merely captures man. Freedom captivates him.
A man can do all things if he but wills them.
Every journey into the past is complicated by delusions, false memories, false namings of real events.
The decline of literature indicates the decline of a nation.
True wisdom lies in gathering the precious things out of each day as it goes by.
Music in movies is all about dissonance and consonance, tension and release.
You are not entitled to your opinion. You are entitled to your <em>informed</em> opinion. No one is entitled to be ignorant.
A life of leisure and a life of laziness are two things. There will be sleeping enough in the grave.
All dreams spin out from the same web.
Better a friendly refusal than an unwilling consent.
You philosophers are lucky men. You write on paper and paper is patient. Unfortunate Empress that I am, I write on the susceptible skins of living beings.
Creativity is the ability to introduce order into the randomness of nature.
I love my life because it gave me you I love you because you are my life!!!
They say a picture is worth a thousand words but when I look at yours, Im speechless.
He loves nature in spite of what it did to him.
My father was unemployed and I was the eldest of seven children. We were very poor. And when you ask how did we support ourselves, the only funding that we had was unemployment payments.
I love my lawyer. I have to say that of course!
The sun shines everywhere, not just at the beach.
Obedience is an act of faith; disobedience is the result of unbelief.
I cannot say whether things will get better if we change what I can say is they must change if they are to get better.
Plato is dear to me, but dearer still is truth.
I wish memories were like text messages. You can delete the ones you hate and keep the ones you like.
A miser grows rich by seeming poor. An extravagant man grows poor by seeming rich.
Love is stronger than violence.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
Our nature consist in motion; complete rest is death.
A leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone.
Man must sit in chair with mouth open for very long time before roast duck fly in.
What good is speed if the brain has oozed out on the way.
Others will follow your footsteps easier than they will your advice.
Character is like a tree and reputation like its shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing.
We count our miseries carefully, and accept our blessings without much thought.
Love is like a fart, If you have to force it, Its probably a crap.
The empires of the future are the empires of the mind.
It is the beautiful bird that gets caged.
The past is prophetic in that it asserts loudly that wars are poor chisels for carving out peaceful tomorrows.
When I dream, I dream of you. Maybe one day, dreams will come true. Because, I really love you.
Such as we are made of, such we be.
If we had no faults of our own, we should not take so much pleasure in noticing those in others.
The path of sound credence is through the thick forest of skepticism.
3 Cs of LIFE: Choice, Chance, Change  You must make a choice to take a chance or your life will never change.
Man has two great spiritual needs. One is for forgiveness. The other is for goodness.
Seven days without laughter makes one weak.
God will not permit any troubles to come upon us, unless He has a specific plan by which great blessing can come out of the difficulty.
Democracy and socialism are means to an end, not the end itself.
Dont worry about tomorrow: it will have enough worries of its own. There is no need to add to the troubles each day brings.
Learning to think rigorously so as to act rightly and to serve humanity better. 
Very narrow areas of expertise can be very productive. Develop your own profile. Develop your own niche.
Candor is the brightest gem of criticism.
Fascism is not defined by the number of its victims, but by the way it kills them.
Tere birth day ko mai tuze kya du wish you happy return of the day
Everything that Bush touches turns to manure in public policy.
Haters only hate the people they can?t have or the people they can?t be.
A fever is an expression of inner rage.
What is done cannot be undone.
The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
Indecision is a virus that can run through an army and destroy its will to win or even to survive.
Many a man curses the rain that falls upon his head, and knows not that it brings abundance to drive away the hunger.
Love is the crowning grace of humanity, the holiest right of the soul, the golden link which binds us to duty and truth, the redeeming principle that chiefly reconciles the heart to life, and is prophetic of eternal good.
Stupidity is a force unto itself.
No iron can pierce the heart with such force as a period put just at the right place.
Reasonable people adapt themselves to the world. Unreasonable people attempt to adapt the world to themselves. All progress, therefore, depends on unreasonable people.
To have no time for philosophy is to be a true philosopher.
Eggs and oaths are easily broken.
I always find beauty in things that are odd and imperfect - they are much more interesting.
It serves me right for putting all my eggs in one bastard.
No one but a fool is always right.
Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman, before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish into air.
The art of creation is older than the art of killing.
There is nothing so powerful as truth, and often nothing so strange.
Wonders will never cease.
Most fools think they are only ignorant.
If malice or envy were tangible and had a shape, it would be the shape of a boomerang.
Justice is lame as well as blind, amongst us.
We promise according to our hopes and perform according to our fears.
Create a definite plan for carrying out your desire and begin at once, whether you ready or not, to put this plan into action.
One link broken, the whole chain is broken.
A great man is different from an eminent one in that he is ready to be the servant of the society.
I hate being broken. I hate that I cannot go back.
Stability is not immobility.
Compassion is the antitoxin of the soul: where there is compassion even the most poisonous impulses remain relatively harmless.
Don?t rush on anything. When the time is right, it?ll happen.
Great Spirit, help me never to judge another until I have walked in his moccasins.
Purity of heart is to will one thing.
The speed of light does not merely transform the world. It becomes the world. Globalization is the speed of light.
If we were to select the most intelligent, imaginative, energetic, and emotionally stable third of mankind, all races would be present.
Life is a wilderness of twists and turns, where faith is your only compass.
Time ripens all things; no man is born wise.
Aim at heaven and you will get earth thrown in. Aim at earth and you get neither.
Virtue is not left to stand alone. He who practices it will have neighbors.
While you live tell the truth and shame the devil.
Birthdays are natures way of telling us to eat more cake.
At the temple there is a poem called Loss carved into the stone.  It has three words, but the poet has scratched them out.  You cannot read loss, only feel it.
There is no singing anymore, everything is yelling and shouting and rapping and that is real boring to a guy like me.
He who permits himself to tell a lie once, finds it much easier to do it a second and a third time till at length it becomes habitual.
The world is its own magic.
Tremendous amounts of talent are lost to our society just because that talent wears a skirt.
Nil Sine Magno Labore<BR>Nothing without great effort <BR><BR>Motto of Brooklyn College 
Slavery can only be abolished by raising the character of the people who compose the nation; and that can be done only by showing them a higher one.
Life is short, so enjoy it to the fullest.
After it is all over, the religion of man is his most important possession.
Every beginning is only a sequel, after all, and the book of events is always open halfway through.
There is no calamity greater than lavish desires  There is no greater guilt than discontentment And there is no greater disaster than greed.
You can never quit. Winners never quit, and quitters never win.
We work to become, not to acquire.
If there were no bad people, there would be no good lawyers.
The more the division of labor and the application of machinery extend, the more does competition extend among the workers, the more do their wages shrink together.
Argument is conclusive, but it does not remove doubt, so that the mind may rest in the sure knowledge of the truth, unless it finds it by the method of experiment.
Belief is the death of intelligence.
A good composer is slowly discovered a bad composer is slowly found out.
You can never solve a problem on the level on which it was created.
Im freezing, Im starving, Im bleeding to death, Everythings fine..
The two most beautiful words in the English language are Check enclosed.
The keys to patience are acceptance and faith. Accept things as they are, and look realistically at the world around you. Have faith in yourself and in the direction you have chosen.
We cry to remember, and smile to forget
The most general law in nature is equity-the principle of balance and symmetry which guides the growth of forms along the lines of the greatest structural efficiency.
Humility, gentleness, and helpfulness go so much further and open doors you cannot imagine.
Democracy substitutes election by the incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
Before you start some work, always ask yourself three questions - Why am I doing it, What the results might be and Will I be successful. Only when you think deeply and find satisfactory answers to these questions, go ahead.
Promise is most given when the least is said.
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
Man does not live by words alone, despite the fact that sometimes he has to eat them.
Perhaps they were right in putting love into books… Perhaps it could not live anywhere else.
The rule is, jam tomorrow and jam yesterday --but never jam today.
Men are only as good as their technical development allows them to be.
Sometimes you have to walk away from what you want to find what you deserve.
God determines who walks into your life. it is up to you to decide who you let walk away, who you let stay and who you refuse to let go.
When the going gets weird, the weird turn professional.
Labels are for filing.  Labels are for clothing.  Labels are not for people.
Success is the progressive realization of predetermined, worthwhile, personal goals.
As usual, there is a great woman behind every idiot.
Sometimes It Hurts To Care So Much. You Wonder Why You Bother Yet Continue To Do So. Wish I Could Be Like Others Who Are Able To Easily Stop Caring & Move On.
Technology, like art, is a soaring exercise of the human imagination.
It is not possible for civilization to flow backward while there is youth in the world. Youth may be headstrong, but it will advance its allotted length.
In the factory we make cosmetics; in the drugstore we sell hope.
Do you know that books smell like nutmeg or some spice from a foreign land? I loved to smell them when I was a boy.  Lord, there were a lot of lovely books once, before we let them go.
Fate has a twisted sense of humor. 
The greatest difficulties lie where we are not looking for them.
The way to fight a woman is with your hat. Grab it and run.
Days will prove that the assassination policy will not finish the Hamas. Hamas leaders wish to be martyrs and are not scared of death. Jihad will continue and the resistance will continue until we have victory, or we will be martyrs.
What is patriotism but the love of the good things we ate in our childhood?
Tardiness often robs us opportunity, and the dispatch of our forces.
The only way to live is to accept each minute as an unrepeatable miracle, which is exactly what it is: a miracle and unrepeatable.
What we do for ourselves dies with us. What we do for others and the world remains and is immortal.
Trust is not something you win; its something you build.
He who takes the wrong road must make his journey twice over.
Anger is an expensive luxury in which only men of certain income can indulge.
Success is the child of audacity.
I have worked hard to improve my consistency in my driving, irons, short game, and putting.
I never changed, I just finally got tired of pretending to be happy
Knowledge is power only if man knows what facts not to bother with.
Every creature is better alive than dead, men and moose and pine trees, and he who understands it aright will rather preserve its life than destroy it.
Friendship is one mind in two bodies.
The standardization of world culture, with local popular or traditional forms driven out or dumbed down to make way for American television, American music, food, clothes and films, has been seen by many as the very heart of globalization.
Life only gets complicated when hearts get involved.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
See what I have to put up with every night?
The home is the basis of a righteous life and no other instrumentality can take its place nor fulfill its essential functions.
I have about concluded that wealth is a state of mind, and that anyone can acquire a wealthy state of mind by thinking rich thoughts.
Truth is a torch that shines through the fog without dispelling it.
A drink a day keeps the shrink away.
The community of living is the carriage of the Lord.
the serpent if it wants to become the dragon must eat itself.
Do your own thing on your own terms and get what you came here for
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution.
The perfection of art is to conceal art.
Only in solitude do we find ourselves; and in finding ourselves, we find in ourselves all our brothers in solitude.
There is a kind of victory in good work, no matter how humble.
Virtue is the only true nobility.
Once conform, once do what other people do because they do it, and a lethargy steals over all the finer nerves and faculties of the soul. She becomes all outer show and inward emptiness; dull, callous, and indifferent.
The fact that logic cannot satisfy us awakens an almost insatiable hunger for the irrational.
O yellow eye,let me be sick with your heat,let me be feverish and frowning.
Tyranny is always better organized than freedom.
I do take a lot of pride in my look and I work out - do work out a lot.
If there be any truer measure of a man than by what he does, it must be by what he gives.
If you strike at, imprison, or kill us, out of our prisons or graves we will still evoke a spirit that will thwart you, and perhaps, raise a force that will destroy you! We defy you! Do your worst!
The objects of the present life fill the human eye with a false magnification because of their immediacy.
Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification.
Unseasonable kindness gets no thanks.
Pornography is the attempt to insult sex, to do dirt on it.
God bless Africa, Guard her people, Guide her leaders, And give her peace.
Great investment opportunities come around when excellent companies are surrounded by unusual circumstances that cause the stock to be misappraised.
People are fed up with the politics where candidates just rip each other apart and then the voters lose in the end because no one really knows what anybody stands for.
The framers of our Constitution meant we were to have freedom of religion, not freedom from religion.
The true meaning of life is to plant trees, under whose shade you do not expect to sit.
Because nothing lasts forever, you better live in the moment.
It seems to be a law of nature, inflexible and inexorable, that those who will not risk cannot win.
It\'s the same old story you\'ve heard a thousand times. Somebody\'s trust gets broken. Somebody\'s left behind.
In a world of inhumanity, war and terrorism, American citizenship is a very precious possession.
Your journey never ends. Life has a way of changing things in incredible ways.
Modernism is typically defined as the condition that begins when people realize God is truly dead, and we are therefore on our own.
Like all young men I set out to be a genius, but mercifully laughter intervened.
The true worth of a man is to be measured by the objects he pursues.
I hold every man a debtor to his profession.
Every mother on earth gave birth to child except my mother, She gave birth to Legend !
There is no flag large enough to cover the shame of killing innocent people.
I made all my generals out of mud.
Cubism is like standing at a certain point on a mountain and looking around. If you go higher, things will look different; if you go lower, again they will look different. It is a point of view.
A wise nation should cultivate a political spirit that allows opponents to cooperate without fearing an automatic execution from their core supporters. Who knew that the real rogues in American politics would be the ones who dare to get along?
Only when manhood is dead - and it will perish when ravaged femininity no longer sustains it - only then will we know what it is to be free.
All of our dignity consists in thought. Let us endeavor then to think well; this is the principle of morality.
Grammar is the grave of letters.
The more I live the more I learn. The more I learn the more I realize the less I know. 
Dont waste time on payback, getting even will stop you from getting ahead.
There is a condition worse than blindness, and that is, seeing something that isn\'t there.
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.
Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life.
Justice must always question itself, just as society can exist only by means of the work it does on itself and on its institutions.
Just as courage imperils life, fear protects it.
The fashion wears out more apparel than the man.
No man is ever worth your tears, and the one that is, will NEVER make you cry.
It didnt come from the Government down. There was no dictum no declaration no censorship to start with no Technology mass exploitation and minority pressure carried the trick thank God. 
To teach is to learn twice.
6 rules to be happy free your heart from hatred free your mind from worries live simply expect less give more & always have me as your friend!!!
Unity can only be manifested by the Binary. Unity itself and the idea of Unity are already two.
I hate this place. I shall hate it to my grave.
Empty pockets make empty heads.
It is a simple but sometimes forgotten truth that the greatest enemy to present joy and high hopes is the cultivation of retrospective bitterness.
Is life worth living? It all depends on the liver.
The 19 hijackers that came over here to commit the attack on Sept. 11, there were those that were at the bottom of the line. There were those who were the principal conspirators. There were those who were the pilot. Everybody has a role.
Violent excitement exhausts the mind and leaves it withered and sterile.
The only way to prove that you\'re a good sport is to lose.
We each survive in our own way. 
What we know is not much. What we do not know is immense. 
Everyone has someone in their life that keeps them looking forward to another day.
Is it to be thought unreasonable that the people, in atonement for wrongs of a century, demand the vengeance of a single day?
A radical is a man with both feet firmly planted-in the air.
When you fish for love, bait with your heart, not your brain.
Do not brood over your past mistakes and failures as this will only fill your mind with grief, regret and depression. Do not repeat them in the future.
We are asleep with compasses in our hands.
Science is a perception of the world around us. Science is a place where what you find in nature pleases you.
Every man who expresses an honest thought is a soldier in the army of intellectual liberty.
Let us treat the men and women well: treat them as if they were real: perhaps they are.
I have no birthday that means I was not born therefore I cannot die.
There is one thing that matters -- to set a chime of words tinkling in the minds of a few fastidious people.
I woke up one morning thinking about wolves and realized that wolf packs function as families. Everyone has a role, and if you act within the parameters of your role, the whole pack succeeds, and when that falls apart, so does the pack.
Life begins at 40 - but so do fallen arches, rheumatism, faulty eyesight, and the tendency to tell a story to the same person, three or four times.
A mere scholar, a mere ass.
Children have to be educated, but they have also to be left to educate themselves.
It is fatal to enter an war without the will to win it. 
If you are the master be sometimes blind, if you are the servant be sometimes deaf.
Awards become corroded, friends gather no dust.
God is the universal substance in existing things. He comprises all things. He is the fountain of all being. In Him exists everything that is.
Dead Last Finish is greater than Did Not Finish, which trumps Did Not Start.
An ambassador is an honest man sent abroad to lie and intrigue for the benefit of his country.
Evil is knowing better, but willingly doing worse.
Sometimes you need to press pause to let everything sink in.
How dare anyone, parent, schoolteacher, or merely literary critic, tell me not to act colored.
When I went out on tour as Bing Hitler I would hook up with Lenny and we\'d get drunk together. He was always very supportive. He was a big star and a lot of what he said to me had power and impact. Apart from that, I just like him.
If you pay peanuts, you get monkeys.
That statement was not addressed to the authors of political statements. I said that I deplore attempts to misinform the public and to /trigger/ political intervention. And there were such attempts.
Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without.
The environment is everything that isn\'t me.
I wanted to tell you all my secrets, but you became one of them instead.
No man or woman who tries to pursue an ideal in his or her won way is without enemies.
He that loves to be flattered is worthy of the flatterer.
I have had a most rare vision. I have had a dream past the wit of man to say what dream it was. Man is but an ass if he go about to expound this dream.
Sometimes life is tough on us but remember there will always be a happy ending if your willing to fight for it.
We read Greek and Norse mythology until it came out of our ears. And the Bible.
You live and learn. At any rate, you live.
The greater the difficulty, the more the glory in surmounting it.
Storytelling is the most powerful way to put ideas into the world today.
A book is a gift you can open again and again.
Its not wrong to consider some mistakes, what makes it wrong is when you allow them to do it again..
Mules are always boasting that their ancestors were horses.
Analysis kills love.... as well as other things.  Happy Valentines Day
A wonderful fact to reflect upon, that every human creature is constituted to be that profound secret and mystery to every other. A solemn consideration when I enter a great city by night, that every one of those dark, clustered houses encloses it
One may see the small value God has for riches by the people He gives them to.
Into the hands of every individual is given a marvelous power for good or evil-the silent, unconscious, unseen influence of his life. This is simply the constant radiation of what man really is, not what he pretends to be.
The senses have been conditioned by attraction to the pleasant and aversion to the unpleasant: a man should not be ruled by them; they are obstacles in his path.
Every man has three characters -- that which he exhibits, that which he has, and that which he thinks he has.
Once youve made the decision to move on, dont look back. You will never find your future in the rear view mirror.
Indecision is like a stepchild:  if he does not wash his hands, he is called dirty, if he does, he is wasting water.
There is a time for many words, and there is also a time for sleep.
The familiarity of superiors embitters one, because it may not be returned.
When I die I want to go to Vogue.
I was a pretty disruptive student in class in school. I had a hard time paying attention. I had what they call A.D.D. now, back then I was just a hyper kid.
The world belongs to the energetic.
Make money your god and it will plague you like the devil.
Americanism demands loyalty to the teacher and respect for his lesson.
The true sound and strong mind is the one that can embrace equally great and small things.
Two heads are better than one.
The dog has got more fun out of Man than Man has got out of the dog, for the clearly demonstrable reason that Man is the more laughable of the two animals.
Though the people support the government; the government should not support the people.
The secret of happiness is not in doing what one likes, but in liking what one does.
Even the rich are hungry for love, for being cared for, for being wanted, for having someone to call their own.
Our bodies are our gardens... our wills are our gardeners.
Positiveness is a most absurd foible. If you are in the right, it lessens your triumph; if in the wrong, it adds shame to your defeat.
Dont let anyone hold you back. Its your life. Sometimes, you have to take back control of your own life.
Be kind to unkind people -- they need it the most.
See the things you want as already yours. Think of them as yours, as belonging to you, as already in your possession.
Fear is the oldest and strongest emotion of mankind.
I love fast cars... and to go too fast in them.
Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social environment. Most people are even incapable of forming such opinions.
She laughs at everything you say. Why? Because she has fine teeth.
Loquacity and lying are cousins.
If you never thank GOD after every smile then you have no right to blame him for every tear.
That most unfortunate war, which I deeply deplore.
Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future.
Of the blessings set before you make your choice, and be content.
I thought he was a young man of promise, but it appears he is a young man of promises. Speaking Of Winston Churchill
Honor your commitments with integrity.
Im not SHORT, I am just concentrated AWESOME !
People say hate is a strong word, but so is love and people throw that around like its nothing
We kill all the caterpillars then complain there are no butterflies. 
Your assumptions are your windows on the world. Scrub them off every once in a while or the light wont come in. 
The Internet is the Viagra of big business.
The moment I have realized God sitting in the temple of every human body, the moment I stand in reverence before every human being and see God in him - that moment I am free from bondage, everything that binds vanishes, and I am free.
Noble fathers have noble children.
Evil being the root of mystery, pain is the root of knowledge.
But the relationship of morality and power is a very subtle one. Because ultimately power without morality is no longer power.
The longer we listen to one another – with real attention – the more commonality we will find in all our lives. That is, if we are careful to exchange with one another life stories and not simply opinions.
Friendships that have stood the test of time and chance are surely best, Brows may wrinkle, hair grow gray, Friendship never knows decay.
In a relationship, dont try to be perfect. JUST BE HONEST.
In this world, full often, our joys are only the tender shadows which our sorrows cast.
Live out of your imagination, not your history
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
We should love, not fall in love, because everything that falls, get broken.
The surrender of life is nothing to sinking down into acknowledgment of inferiority.
No one can go back and make a brand new start, however anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
The disappointment of manhood succeeds the delusion of youth.
To have a respect for ourselves guides our morals; and to have a deference for others governs our manners.
Sometimes we have to let go of the life we have planned, to have the life that is waiting for us.
I keep waiting to meet a man who has more balls than I do.
A man is the whole encyclopedia of facts.
Cruelty is contagious in uncivilized communities.
I instantly chucked my academic ambitions and began writing fiction full-time.
Quiet persons are welcome everywhere.
God hangs the greatest weights upon the smallest wires.
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.
Life is short there is no time to leave important words unsaid.
War is like love, it always finds a way.
One kind word can warm three winter months.
Storms make trees take deeper roots.
Travelling expands the mind rarely.
What is grand is necessarily obscure to weak men. That which can be made explicit to the idiot is not worth my care.
If they do kill me, I shall never die another death.
An ugly baby is a very nasty object - and the prettiest is frightful.
You\'re only as good as the people you hire.
Passion makes the world go round. Love just makes it a safer place.
No one respects a talent that is concealed.
Argue not concerning God,…re-examine all that you have been told at church or school or in any book, dismiss whatever insults your soul…
Peace has her victories which are no less renowned than war.
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying the wrong remedies.
I smile and act like nothing is wrong, its called putting shit aside and being strong.
Sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward.
Heaven lies about us in our infancy! Shades of the prison-house begin to close upon the growing boy.
When I was in seventh grade my mom caught me smoking cigarettes and punished me by making me smoke the entire carton. All it did was piss me off because I was out of cigarettes.
If it\'s natural to kill, how come men have to go into training to learn how?
They say that somewhere in Africa the elephants have a secret grave where they go to lie down, unburden their wrinkled gray bodies, and soar away, light spirits at the end.
Evil is whatever distracts.
I hate women because they always know where things are.
if there is no more tears to cry thats a reason behind this is your loneliness......!!
Do you not know I am a woman? when I think, I must speak.
Energy is necessary for economic growth, for a better quality of life, and for human progress.
Life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about.
In genetic epistemology, as in developmental psychology, too, there is never an absolute beginning.
Art is the elimination of the unnecessary.
The longer the life the more the offense, the more the offense the more the pain, the more the pain the less defense and the less defense the less the gain.
A man is not paid for having a head and hands, but for using them.
When one teaches, two learn.
I was court-martial in my absence, and sentenced to death in my absence, so I said they could shoot me in my absence.
How vain, without the merit, is the name.
Doubts and mistrust are the mere panic of timid imagination, which the steadfast heart will conquer, and the large mind transcend.
Everything can be improved.
Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent.
A car for every purse and purpose.
The learned fool writes his nonsense in better language than the unlearned, but it is still nonsense.
The walls are the publishers of the poor.
Too many pieces of music finish too long after the end.
and when all the wars are over a butterfly will still be beautiful. 
It is not necessary to change. Survival is not mandatory.
I know the British people and they are not passengers - they are drivers.
No one would remember the Good Samaritan if he\'d only had good intentions; he had money as well.
Basketball is basketball.
Man is eminently a storyteller. His search for a purpose, a cause, an ideal, a mission and the like is largely a search for a plot and a pattern in the development of his life story -- a story that is basically without meaning or pattern.
Vanity and pride are different things, though the words are often used synonymously. A person may be proud without being vain. Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves, vanity to what we would have others think of us.
It is straightforward for me to be ethical, responsible, and kind-hearted because I have the resources to support that.
If we see light at the end of the tunnel, it the light of the oncoming train.
Evil always turns up in this world through some genius or other.
What the statesman is most anxious to produce is a certain moral character in his fellow citizens, namely a disposition to virtue and the performance of virtuous actions.
Injury taught me I need to learn how to face challenges.
We drive into the future using only our rearview mirror.
Commerce is a game of skill which everyone cannot play and few can play well.
If one listens to the faintest but constant suggestions of his genius, which are certainly true, he sees not to what extremes, or even insanity, it may lead him; and yet that way, as he grows more resolute and faithful, his road lies.
Man is only great when he acts from passion.
The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of the mature man is that is wants to live humbly for one.
Night fell clean and cold in Dublin, and wind moaned beyond my room as if a million pipes played the air.
Russian Communism is the illegitimate child of Karl Marx and Catherine the Great.
Rise above sectional interests and private ambitions... Pass from matter to spirit. Matter is diversity; spirit is light, life and unity.
I am not as dumb as you look!!!
It is wise to direct your anger towards problems - not people to focus your energies on answers - not excuses.
The world only goes round by misunderstanding.
Nobody can manage time. But we can manage those things that take up our time.
Who questions much, shall learn much, and retain much.
Between an uncontrolled escalation and passivity, there is a demanding road of responsibility that we must follow.
The use of the atomic bomb, with its indiscriminate killing of women and children, revolts my soul.
Knowledge becomes evil if the aim be not virtuous.
Beauty is less important than quality.
Every failure is a step closer to success.
The future will be the child of the past and the present, even if a rebellious child.
Don\'t let the fear of striking out hold you back.
Who has a harder fight than he who is striving to overcome himself.
I think people would be alive today if there were a death penalty.
To different minds, the same world is a hell, and a heaven.
Conceit in weakest bodies works the strongest.
Knowledge is power, but enthusiasm pulls the switch.
Friendship is a priceless treasure never to be bought or sold -- it can only be cherished.
Truth is a great flirt.
To a philosopher all news, as it is called, is gossip, and those who edit and read it are old women over their tea.
We may pass violets looking for roses. We may pass contentment looking for victory.
Every generation revolts against its fathers and makes friends with its grandfathers.
Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent efforts.
No tears in the writer, no tears in the reader.
What is Man? Man is a noisome bacillus whom Our Heavenly Father created because he was disappointed in the monkey.
There are no right and wrong ways to work in this business, but there are some basic common-sense practices. Work very, very hard and always be prepared; never give up; and once you get the job, give them more than they ever expected: - Shine!
I never ask a man what his business is, for it never interests me. What I ask him about are his thoughts and dreams.
One weeps not save when one is afraid, and that is why kings are tyrants.
Economic growth may one day turn out to be a curse rather than a good, and under no conditions can it either lead into freedom or constitute a proof for its existence.
Among all forms of mistake, prophecy is the most gratuitous.
He uses statistics as a drunken man uses lamp posts - for support rather than for illumination.
The ability to accept responsibility is the measure of the man.
If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
Do you know full form of wife Worries in life Forever?
Middle age is youth without levity, and age without decay.
Will and intellect are one and the same thing
We are not human beings on a spiritual journey. We are spiritual beings on a human journey.
I have no enemies. I dont permit such a thing.  
The first problem for all of us, men and women, is not to learn, but to unlearn.
Rather be dead than cool.
We do not choose our own parts in life, and have nothing to do with those parts. Our duty is confined to playing them well.
The game is not lost - or won - until the last bell goes.
I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts.
Man becomes great exactly in the degree in which he works for the welfare of his fellow-men.
First you jump off the cliff and you build wings on the way down.
Two things only the people anxiously desire, bread and the Circus games.
For the cause that lacks assistance, For the wrong that needs resistance, For the future in the distance, And the good that I can do.
You are not a drop in the ocean. You are the entire ocean in a drop.
Barking dogs occasionally bite, but laughing men hardly ever shoot.
To win you have to risk loss.
Every revolution evaporates and leaves behind only the slime of a new bureaucracy.
The Beatles, Paul, John, George and Ringo have done more for the fall of Communism than any other western institution.
The price of hating other human beings is loving oneself less.
I much prefer the sharpest criticism of a single intelligent man to the thoughtless approval of the masses.
Happy are those who dream dreams and are willing to pay the price to make them come true.
Marriage is the most natural state of man, and... the state in which you will find solid happiness.
Love your enemies, for they tell you your faults.
Russia needs a strong state power and must have it. But I am not calling for totalitarianism.
Morality may consist solely in the courage of making a choice.
There is poison in the fang of the serpent, in the mouth of the fly and in the sting of a scorpion; but the wicked man is saturated with it.
Sometimes, no matter how much faith we have, we lose people. But you never forget them and sometimes, its those memories that give us the strength to go on.
Victory in life is like starting a journey on a sickbed, it takes courage and endurance of the inner man to prevail over fear and circumstances regardless.
In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins--not through strength but by perseverance.
The Neighbours cast is like a second family.
Show me your garden and I shall tell you what you are.
Speak of me as I am. Nothing extenuate, nor set down aught in malice.
Part of the American dream is to live long and die young. Only those Americans who are willing to die for their country are fit to live.
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try.
I believe that people would be alive today if there were a death penalty.
Friendship... is not something you learn in school. But if you havent learned the meaning of friendship, you really havent learned anything.
Clearly spoken, Mr. Fogg; you explain English by Greek.
The best way out is always through.
Cubism was an attack on the perspective that had been known and used for 500 years. It was the first big, big change. It confused people: they said, \'Things don\'t look like that!\'
Better a witty fool than a foolish wit.
They used to say the pen is mightier than the sword. I think the camera is.
We are an impossibility in an impossible universe.
Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.
I get really saucy after a few drinks. Sexy rude, not obnoxious rude.
The point of cities is multiplicity of choice.
Integrity is the essence of everything successful.
I steal from every movie ever made.
Force always attracts men of low morality.
Revenge converts a little right into a great wrong.
They are able because they think they are able.
The great man is the man who does a thing for the first time.
A successfull marriage is based on give and take where husband gives money and gifts & wife takes it and wife gives tensions and lectures and husband takes it :)
All treaties between great states cease to be binding when they come in conflict with the struggle for existence.
In the world there is nothing more submissive and weak than water. Yet for attacking that which is hard and strong nothing can surpass it.
Geography is about maps, but biography is about chaps.
Just because things are not good now does not mean they will be that way forever.
When you are in a very hard situation, just remember god and a miracle will happen.
Wit lies in recognizing the resemblance among things which differ and the difference between things which are alike.
Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep.
I\'m sick of following my dreams. I\'m just going to ask them where they\'re goin\', and hook up with them later.
Nothing makes the earth seem so spacious as to have friends at a distance; they make the latitudes and longitudes.
Remember, democracy never lasts long. It soon wastes, exhausts, and murders itself. There never was a democracy yet that did not commit suicide.
Where there is no struggle, there is no strength.
Will is character in action.
People forget how fast you did a job, but they remember how well you did it.
What a cruel thing war is... to fill our hearts with hatred instead of love for our neighbors.
Honor and shame from no condition rise; Act well your part, there all the honor lies.
Compassion is contempt with a human face.
Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best to those who dream and work.
The men of action are, after all, only the unconscious instruments of the men of thought.
The saddest thing I can imagine is to get used to luxury.
Since light travels faster than sound, people appear bright until you hear them speak.
We view things not only from different sides, but with different eyes; we have no wish to find them alike.
Find your happiness not just in the big moments of life but in every little one.
Chaos is inherent in all compounded things. Strive on with diligence.
Ideas come through us, not from us.
The lady does protest too much, methinks.
I don\'t need the money, dear. I work for art.
Continuous eloquence wearies. Grandeur must be abandoned to be appreciated. Continuity in everything is unpleasant. Cold is agreeable, that we may get warm.
A truly American sentiment recognizes the dignity of labor and the fact that honor lies in honest toil.
Nothing is more desirable than to be released from an affliction, but nothing is more frightening than to be divested of a crutch.
I know of no higher fortitude than stubborness in the face of overwhelming odds.
Stop being a victim of your own circumstances.
From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back. That is the point that must be reached.
What people say behind your back is your standing in the community in which you live.
A wise man should have money in his head, but not in his heart.
The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art.
Those who gave away their wings are sad not to see them fly.
Texas has yet to learn submission to any oppression, come from what source it may.
Great thieves punish little ones.
Play fair, okay?
A bore is a man who, when you ask him how he is, tells you.
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
If envy were a fever, all the world would be ill.
A gentleman would be ashamed should his deeds not match his words.
Clean up your own mess.
Science has not yet mastered prophecy. We predict too much for the next year and yet far too little for the next 10.
The urge to save humanity is almost always only a false face for the urge to rule it.
The road to learning by precept is long, but by example short and effective.
The challenge of social justice is to evoke a sense of community that we need to make our nation a better place, just as we make it a safer place.
I would make this war as severe as possible, and show no symptoms of tiring till the South begs for mercy.
Two great things you can give your children: one is roots, the other is wings.
Farewell, fair cruelty.
Knavery and flattery are blood relations.
When I was 18, I thought my father was pretty dumb. After a while when I got to be 21, I was amazed to find out how much he\'d learned in three years.
No one is as angry as the person who is wrong.
Education is an ornament in prosperity and a refuge in adversity.
We see the brightness of a new page where everything yet can happen.
Going back to Georgiana Drew and John Drew, and my great-grandfather Maurice Barrymore, and it was such a sort of circus of odd, interesting people that loved acting.
To see what is right, and not do it, is want of courage, or of principle.
In all negotiations of difficulty, a man may not look to sow and reap at once; but must prepare business, and so ripen it by degrees.
The great leaders have always stage-managed their effects.
To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
The architecture of our future is not only unfinished the scaffolding has hardly gone up.
Life is like an onion. You peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.
He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce.
Call the bald man, Boy; make the sage thy toy; greet the youth with solemn face; praise the fat man for his grace.
Prison continues, on those who are entrusted to it, a work begun elsewhere, which the whole of society pursues on each individual through innumerable mechanisms of discipline.
Long-range planning works best in the short term
Gender is between your ears and not between your legs.
If you do not the expect the unexpected you will not find it, for it is not to be reached by search or trail.
O, wind, if winter comes, can spring be far behind?
We are merely the stars tennis-balls, struck and bandied which way please them.
There is something terribly wrong with a culture inebriated by noise and gregariousness.
There is no despair so absolute as that which comes with the first moments of our first great sorrow, when we have not yet known what it is to have suffered and be healed, to have despaired and have recovered hope.
Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. Unfortunately, nothing will preserve it but downright force. Whenever you give up that force, you are inevitably ruined.
And the wild regrets, and the bloody sweats, none knew so well as I: for he who lives more lives than one more deaths than one must die.
Were You In Boy Scouts? Because You Sure Have Tied My Heart In A Knot.
Why should we honour those that die upon the field of battle? A man may show as reckless a courage in entering into the abyss of himself.
When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are often stiffened.
Great is the power of habit. It teaches us to bear fatigue and to despise wounds and pain.
Anyone who has proclaimed violence his method inexorably must choose lying as his principle.
Ut haec ipsa qui non sentiat deorum vim habere is nihil omnino sensurus esse videatur.  If any man cannot feel the power of God when he looks upon the stars, then I doubt whether he is capable of any feeling at all.
Michael Ralph brilliantly plays the street prophet, a West Indian who foreshadows the Harlem riot.
With lies you may go ahead in the world, but you can never go back.
An educated people can be easily governed.
Gentleness is the antidote for cruelty.
All happiness or unhappiness solely depends upon the quality of the object to which we are attached by love.
Indolence is a delightful but distressing state; we must be doing something to be happy. Action is no less necessary than thought to the instinctive tendencies of the human frame.
People want to listen to a message, word from Jah. This could be passed through me or anybody. I am not a leader. Messenger. The words of the songs, not the person, is what attracts people.
Business is tough you need tough guys.
I have been black and blue in some spot, somewhere, almost all my life from too intimate contacts with my own furniture.
Great wits are sure to madness near allied, and thin partitions do their bounds divide.
If a man owns land, the land owns him.
Anger is never without a reason, but seldom with a good one.
I am indeed amazed when I consider how weak my mind is and how prone to error.
Love and death are the two great hinges on which all human sympathies turn.
Life is 440 horsepower in a 2-cylinder engine.
The Framers of the Constitution knew that free speech is the friend of change and revolution. But they also knew that it is always the deadliest enemy of tyranny.
True happiness comes from within yourself, not from someone else. Stop searching, start living.
Beware of no man more than of yourself; we carry our worst enemies within us.
You can\'t ignore politics, no matter how much you\'d like to.
Darwinian man, though well-behaved, at best is only a monkey shaved.
The moon is nothing but a circumambulating aphrodisiac divinely subsidized to provoke the world into a rising birth-rate.
Deep doubts, deep wisdom; small doubts, little wisdom.
Love your parents. We are so busy growing up, we often forget they are also growing OLD.
Do you mortify? Do you make it your daily work? Be always at it whilst you live; cease not a day from this work; be killing sin or it will be killing you.
More tears are shed over answered prayers than unanswered ones.
The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
I have learned this at least by my experiment: that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
As a rule, software systems do not work well until they have been used, and have failed repeatedly, in real applications.
I dream because there is no other way I could see it happen.
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
Find a purpose in life so big it will challenge every capacity to be at your best.
Bob Wills and the Texas Playboys are simply the best band that ever was.
Fitness will be a major factor in the first race and I think that will play into the hands of drivers who have been racing recently, rather than people like me who haven\'t raced properly for a decade. I\'am not one of the favourites to start with.
Conscience is the mirror of our souls, which represents the errors of our lives in their full shape.
Time is life itself, and life resides in the human heart.
We write because we believe the human spirit cannot be tamed and should not be trained.
Dont ever regret the things you did wrong. Regret the good things you did to the wrong people.
Practice puts brains in your muscles.
We are the hero of our own story.
You were born an original, don\'t die a copy
A skilful leech is better far, than half a hundred men of war.
On the occasion of every accident that befalls you, remember to turn to yourself and inquire what power you have for turning it to use.
My soul is not for sale.
All change is not growth; all movement is not forward.
In past my motivation was my life, now my life is my motivation
Caution is the parent of safety.
One martini is all right. Two are too many, and three are not enough.
A beautiful sunset that was mistaken for a dawn.
Sleep - death without dying - living, but not life.
I refuse to feel guilty. I feel guilty about too much in my life but not about money. I went through periods when I had nothing, so somebody in my family has to get stinkin\' wealthy.
The making of an American begins at that point where he himself rejects all other ties, any other history, and himself adopts the vesture of his adopted land.
Happiness is the longing for repetition.
Perkahwinan adalah gerbang sedang rumah tangga adalah alamnya. 
Management is nothing more than motivating other people.
You can delegate authority, but you cannot delegate responsibility.
If that for which the Spanish Empire has stood since the days of Charles V is right, then everything for which the United States stands and has always stood is wrong.
Prosperity tries the fortunate, adversity the great.
Man is what he wills himself to be.
Truth is the property of no individual but is the treasure of all men.
As civilization advances, poetry almost necessarily declines.
I am not the first straight dancer or the last.
The invisible and the non-existent look very much alike.
Some people are willing to pay the price and it\'s the same with staying healthy or eating healthy. There\'s some discipline involved. There\'s some sacrifices.
The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of 60 minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.
But eventually it is a game of cricket.
Politics are not a science based on logic; they are the capacity of always choosing at each instant, in constantly changing situations, the least harmful, the most useful.
The four stages of man are infancy, childhood, adolescence, and obsolescence.
Natural ability without education has more often raised a man to glory and virtue than education without natural ability.
Let us all be brave enough to die the death of a martyr, but let no one lust for martyrdom.
May all your troubles last as long as your New Years resolutions.
Jesus promised His disciples three things: that they would be entirely fearless, absurdly happy, and that they would get into trouble.
If you can talk brilliantly about a problem, it can create the consoling illusion that it has been mastered.
I\'m trying to stay as calm as possible and focus one day at a time, but when reality sets in, I feel everything: anxiety, excitement, nerves, pressure and joy.
Talk is over-rated as a means of settling disputes.
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of imagination.
Prejudice and self-sufficiency naturally proceed from inexperience of the world, and ignorance of mankind.
May this diwali Light up new dreams, fresh hopes, undiscovered avenues, different perspectives, everythin bright & beautifulfil and fill ur days with pleasant surprises and moments.
Time cuts down all, both great and small.
I would define, in brief, the poetry of words as the rhythmical creation of Beauty.
When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick.
Committing genocide on behalf of an institution generates greater loyalty to it than merely getting people fired from their jobs on its behalf.
The theater, which is in no thing, but makes use of everything
People who have no hold over their process of thinking are likely to be ruined by liberty of thought. If thought is immature, liberty of thought becomes a method of converting men into animals.
The deeper the sorrow the less the tongue has it.
Injustice is censured because the censures are afraid of suffering, and not from any fear which they have of doing injustice.
We have accepted the principle of democracy and we are committed to respect the popular verdict and the result of that national consultation.
The true beauty of a woman is her ability to make a man better in every way.
Let parents bequeath to their children not riches, but the spirit of reverence.
Sometimes, sorry just isnt enough.
I am very sad for men and women trapped in any relationship where there is cruelty, dominance, inequity. I long for the liberation of all people.
Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.
Take heed you do not find what you do not seek.
GIRL: Describe me in 1 word. - BOY: Mine ;)
Let me say no danger and no hardship ever makes me wish to get back to that college life again.
Holding on to anger, resentment and hurt only gives you tense muscles, a headache and a sore jaw from clenching your teeth. Forgiveness gives you back the laughter and the lightness in your life.
No winter lasts forever; no spring skips its turn.
Words are like weapons; they wound sometimes.
Of course, it is the same old story. Truth usually is the same old story.
The desire for safety stands against every great and noble enterprise.
Never underestimate your problem or your ability to deal with it.
Hitch your wagon to a star. Let us not fag in paltry works which serve our pot and bag alone.
We have the hardest working people in the world, the most adaptable and the most congenial to employ.
The universe, as far as we can observe it, is a wonderful and immense engine.
These can never be true friends: Hope, dice, a prostitute, a robber, a cheat, a goldsmith, a monkey, a doctor, a distiller.
Biblical orthodoxy without compassion is surely the ugliest thing in the world.
Our insignificance is often the cause of our safety.
I decided I can\'t pay a person to rewind time, so I may as well get over it.
Millions saw the apple fall, but Newton was the one who asked why.
Instead of causing us to remember the past like the old monuments, the new monuments seem to cause us to forget the future.
Life is pain, highness. Anyone who tells you differently is selling something.
No one is rich enough to do without his neighbour.
You can\'t break my spirit, it\'s my dreams you take.
You must first clearly see a thing in your mind before you can do it.
The confession of evil works is the first beginning of good works.
The dialogue between client and architect is about as intimate as any conversation you can have, because when you\'re talking about building a house, you\'re talking about dreams.
One hundred years from now, it will not matter what my bank account was, how big my house was, or what kind of car I drove. But the world may be a little better, because I was important in the life of a child.
Woman is not born: she is made. In the making, her humanity is destroyed. She becomes symbol of this, symbol of that: mother of the earth, slut of the universe; but she never becomes herself because it is forbidden for her to do so.
Only a great mind that is overthrown yields tragedy.
We drink one another\'s health and spoil our own.
In the sick room, ten cents\' worth of human understanding equals ten dollars\' worth of medical science.
Never trust anyone who has not brought a book with them.
Laughter gives us distance. It allows us to step back from an event, deal with it and then move on.
China is more prosperous than before. The people have better lives but they are not happy and confident because the scars are still there.
People living deeply have no fear of death.
The great difficulty in education is to get experience out of ideas.
The policy of Russia is changeless. Its methods, its tactics, its maneuvers may change, but the polar star of its policy, world domination, is a fixed star. About Russia
I think the American Dream for most people is just survival.
Time destroys the speculation of men, but it confirms nature.
It is terrible and unbearable to an artist he said to be encouraged to do to be applauded for doing his second best. He said Through all the world there goes one long cry from the heart of the artist Give me leave to do my utmost 
Education can counteract the natural tendency to do the wrong thing, but the inexorable succession of generations requires that the basis for this knowledge be constantly refreshed.
A man who has not passed through the inferno of his passions has never overcome them.
I turned silences and nights into words. What was unutterable, I wrote down. I made the whirling world stand still.
You get a timeless cool card in New York.
Never give advice unless asked.
Personality has power to uplift, power to depress, power to curse, and power to bless.
The darkest hour is just before dawn.
Every acquisition of accommodation becomes material for assimilation, but assimilation always resists new accommodations.
Never forget what someone says to you when they are angry, bcoz thats when the truth comes out.
So of cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more it remains.
I keep sailing on in this middle passage. I am sailing into the wind and the dark. But I am doing my best to keep my boat steady and my sails full.
Without moral and intellectual independence, there is no anchor for national independence.
True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation.
Fate is the endless chain of causation, whereby things are; the reason or formula by which the world goes on.
Rebellions of the belly are the worst.
Smell is a potent wizard that transports us across thousands of miles and all the years we have lived.
The broadest and most prevalent error requires the most disinterested virtue to sustain it.
He that hath wife and children hath given hostages to fortune; for they are impediments to great enterprises, either of virtue or mischief.
Knowledge comes by eyes always open and working hands, and there is no knowledge that is not power.
Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself.
Objectives are not fate; they are direction. They are not commands; they are commitments. They do not determine the future; they are means to mobilize the resources and energies of the business for the making of the future.
Develop an interest in life as you see it; the people, things, literature, music - the world is so rich, simply throbbing with rich treasures, beautiful souls and interesting people. Forget yourself.
A clown on a throne is still a clown. A king in rags is still a king. 
Slavery to monarchs and ministers, which the world will be long freeing itself from, and whose deadly grasp stops the progress of the human mind, is not yet abolished.
I don\'t build in order to have clients. I have clients in order to build.
Like music and art, love of nature is a common language that can transcend political or social boundaries.
The story of life is quicker then the blink of an eye, the story of love is hello, goodbye.
You have the massive world that was created by Marvel, and then you have these very intimate actors around you. There was as much character work on this as there would be on a little independent film. So, I felt very fortunate in that sense.
Intellects whose desires have outstripped their understanding.
Moving fast is not the same as going somewhere.
Prayer is talking with God and telling Him you love Him, conversing with God about all the things that are important in life, both large and small, and being assured that He is listening.
Those who begin coercive elimination of dissent soon find themselves exterminating dissenters. Compulsory unification of opinion achieves only the unanimity of the graveyard.
False words are not only evil in themselves, but they infect the soul with evil.
Congress is so strange. A man gets up to speak and says nothing. Nobody listens -- and then everybody disagrees.
I\'ve dated men my age, younger than me and older. The only difference is the young ones are quicker at taking out the garbage.
If you have an important point to make, don\'t try to be subtle or clever. Use a pile driver. Hit the point once. Then come back and hit it again. Then hit it a third time - a tremendous whack.
The first lesson of history is that evil is good.
Put silk on a goat and it is still a goat.
An easily accessible and transparent database of contract information will bring sunshine into the confusing and sometimes shadowy practice of government contracting.
What I like about cities is that everything is king size, the beauty and the ugliness.
Do not keep on with a mockery of friendship after the substance is gone - but part, while you can part friends. Bury the carcass of friendship: it is not worth embalming.
The struggle of my life created empathy - I could relate to pain, being abandoned, having people not love me.
I am a slow walker, but I never walk back.
It is change, continuing change, inevitable change, that is the dominant factor in society today. No sensible decision can be made any longer without taking into account not only the world as it is, but the world as it will be.
Love, hope, fear, faith - these make humanity; These are its sign and note and character.
Propaganda is that branch of the art of lying which consists in nearly deceiving your friends without quite deceiving your enemies.
Then my verse I dishonor, my pictures despise, my person degrade and my temper chastise; and the pen is my terror, the pencil my shame; and my talents I bury, and dead is my fame.
Whats the point in all this screaming, no ones listening anyway.
If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.
Few men are born brave. Many become so through training and force of discipline.
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile!!!
The greatest artist does not have any concept  Which a single piece of marble does not itself contain  Within its excess, though only  A hand that obeys the intellect can discover it.
No language can express the power and beauty and heroism of a Fathers love.
It is better to travel well than to arrive.
True liberty can exist only when justice is equally administered to all.
Our anxiety does not empty tomorrow of its sorrows but only empties today of its strengths. 
Sometimes you have to forget how you feel and remember what you deserve.
Irritation in the heart of a believer is always an invitation to the devil to stand by.
To mourn a mischief that is past and gone is the next way to draw new mischief on.
Print is the sharpest and the strongest weapon of our party.
Marriage is about the most expensive way for the average man to get laundry done.
I care so passionately about improving the quality of life for women and girls, not just here in the United States, but internationally as well. I am a single mom and I raised a daughter who is now a young adult.
We lost because we told ourselves we lost.
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success.
Today, if you are not confused, you are just not thinking clearly.
March on. Do not tarry. To go forward is to move toward perfection. March on, and fear not the thorns, or the sharp stones on life\'s path.
Be ready when opportunity comes. Luck is the time when preparation and opportunity meet.
May memory restore again and again The smallest color of the smallest day:Time is the school in which we learn,Time is the fire in which we burn.
I hate intellectuals. They are from the top down. I am from the bottom up.
Friends will keep you sane, Love could fill your heart, A lover can warm your bed, But lonely is the soul without a mate.
War must be, while we defend our lives against a destroyer who would devour all; but I do not love the bright sword for its sharpness, nor the arrow for its swiftness, nor the warrior for his glory. I love only that which they defend.
Perfection of means and confusion of goals seem, in my opinion, to characterize our age.
Sex education may be a good idea in the schools, but I dont believe the kids should be given homework.
There are years that ask questions and years that answer.
Beyond doubt it would speedily verify the proverb that a nation must ravage itself before foreigners can ravage it a man must despise himself before others can despise him. 
If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization.
Common sense is genius in homespun.
I know a man who gave up smoking, drinking, sex, and rich food. He was healthy right up to the day he killed himself.
To the wicked, everything serves as pretext.
Battles are lost in the same spirit in which they are won. 
The past cannot be changed. The future is in your power.
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.
Milk is for babies. When you grow up you have to drink beer.
Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved.
Im awake. Coffee: check, Cigarette: check. You may approach now.
Much of my work in this period was concerned with exploring the logic of economic models, but also with attempting to reconcile the models with every day observation.
A son can bear with equanimity the loss of his father, but the loss of his inheritance may drive him to despair.
All the great speakers were bad speakers at first.
Marriage is an adventure, like going to war.
Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself.
What is the main reason for failure? .. I think its EXAMS. What do you think?
Power does not corrupt. Fear corrupts... perhaps the fear of a loss of power.
Age does not make us childish, as some say; it finds us true children.
Give to every other human being every right that you claim for yourself  that is my doctrine. 
The moment the curtain rose on that first ballet, I knew something wonderful and new had come into my life. I can still see the first scene. The ballet was Divertimento No. 15.
That song is a story that shows how easily you could get slipped into being labeled as the bad guy, even though what you really trying to do is tell the bad guy to leave you alone.
Real learning comes about when the competitive spirit has ceased. 
Science is not a heartless pursuit of objective information. It is a creative human activity, its geniuses acting more as artists than as information processors.
Courage is... the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared.
The words of tongue should have three gate keepers.
One forgives to the degree that one loves.
Every suitor is not a heart breaker.
A dying culture invariably exhibits personal rudeness. Bad manners. Lack of consideration for others in minor matters. A loss of politeness, of gentle manners, is more significant than is a riot...
For every question there is an answer. <BR>Where everybody fails is by asking the wrong question. 
The voice of the majority is no proof of justice.
I am not belittling the brave pioneer men but the sunbonnet as well as the sombrero has helped to settle this glorious land of ours.
I have too many fantasies to be a housewife. I guess I am a fantasy.
The best path through life is the highway.
We often give our enemies the means for our own destruction.
Beauty is often worse than wine intoxicating both the holder and beholder.
The modern mind is in complete disarray. Knowledge has stretched itself to the point where neither the world nor our intelligence can find any foot-hold. It is a fact that we are suffering from nihilism.
Naivete in grownups is often charming; but when coupled with vanity it is indistinguishable from stupidity.
We grow in time to trust the future for our answers.
True progress quietly and persistently moves along without notice.
Anger can be an effective negotiating tool, but only as a calculated act, never as a reaction.
...reality is always plural and mutable.
The art of interpretation is not to play what is written.
I no doubt deserved my enemies, but I don\'t believe I deserved my friends.
Everyones life has positive and negative aspects whether youre happy and successful or not depends greatly on which aspects you focus on.
The art of medicine consists in amusing the patient while nature cures the disease.
In times of rapid change, experience could be your worst enemy.
I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself.
When a heart is on fire, sparks always fly out of the mouth.
It costs to be stupid. The stupider you are, the more it costs.
Nuptial love makes mankind; friendly love perfects it; but wanton love corrupts and debases it.
A fellow once came to me to ask for an appointment as a minister abroad. Finding he could not get that, he came down to some more modest position. Finally, he asked to be made a tide-waiter. When he saw he could not get that, he asked me for an old pair of trousers. It is sometimes well to be humble.
I wonder now how tough you have to be to get big things done.
I have not lost faith in God. I have moments of anger and protest. Sometimes I\'ve been closer to him for that reason.
On Liz Taylor: I might run from her for a thousand years, and she is still my baby child. Our love is so furious that we burn each other out.
Nothing that is natural is disgraceful.
It matters not what you are thought to be, but what you are.
The power of habit and the charm of novelty are the two adverse forces which explain the follies of mankind.
Greater things are yet to come...
He who would be serene and pure needs but one thing, detachment.
Answering the same letter three times or more in a row on a Scranton test is absolutely petrifying.
If you go back to the Greeks and Romans, they talk about all three - wine, food, and art - as a way of enhancing life.
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all art and science. He to whom this emotion is a stranger, who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead; his eyes are closed.
The Peace Corps is an outstanding organization that promotes peace through helping countless individuals who want to help build a better life for the community in which they serve.
Beauty must appeal to the senses, must provide us with immediate enjoyment, must impress us or insinuate itself into us without any effort on our part.
Give your children too much freedom and you lose your own.
I always said God was against art and I still believe it.
It is not wise to be wiser than necessary.
Technology is not neutral.
Progress is measured by the speed at which we destroy the conditions that sustain life. 
A teacher who is attempting to teach without inspiring the pupil with a desire to learn is hammering on cold iron.
All sciences are now under the obligation to prepare the ground for the future task of the philosopher, which is to solve the problem of value, to determine the true hierarchy of values.
If human beings are perceived as potentials rather than problems, as possessing strengths instead of weaknesses, as unlimited rather that dull and unresponsive, then they thrive and grow to their capabilities.
To know what is right and not do it is the worst cowardice.
Everything changes, nothing remains without change.
Every violation of truth is not only a sort of suicide in the liar, but is a stab at the health of human society.
Avoid popularity if you would have peace.
Birds are indicators of the environment. If they are in trouble, we know we\'ll soon be in trouble.
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty. The obedient must be slaves.
What happens when you realize that everything you ever wanted means nothing anymore
I never cut class. I loved getting As, I liked being smart. I liked being on time. I thought being smart is cooler than anything in the world.
I personally have a background of many days on end of confusion, understimulation, overstimulation, and uncomfortableness with the world around me.
The proud man can learn humility, but he will be proud of it.
Man does not weave this web of life. He is merely a strand of it. Whatever he does to the web, he does to himself.
Idleness is the burial of a living man.
Many a good hanging prevents a bad marriage.
Every good servant does not all commands.
Honesty is the best policy – when there is money in it.
We win by tenderness. We conquer by forgiveness.
Alas, I am a woman friendless, hopeless!
We should so live and labor in our time that what came to us as seed may go to the next generation as blossom, and that which came to us as blossom may go to them as fruit. That is what we mean by progress.
A university should be a place of light, of liberty, and of learning.
There is always something left to love. And if you ain\'t learned that, you ain\'t learned nothing.
If you plan on being anything less than you are capable of being, you will probably be unhappy all the days of your life.
The block of granite which was an obstacle in the pathway of the weak, became a stepping-stone in the pathway of the strong.
Live beautifully dream passionately love completely.
Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Life is like a chocolate box, Each chocolate is like a portion of life, Some are crunchy, some are nutty, Some are soft, but all are DELICIOUS.
An identity would seem to be arrived at by the way in which the person faces and uses his experience.
I don\'t think you should feel about a film. You should feel about a woman, not a movie. You can\'t kiss a movie.
The conscious mind may be compared to a fountain playing in the sun and falling back into the great subterranean pool of subconscious from which it rises.
There are, strictly speaking, no enlightened people, there is only enlightened activity.
Work begets work.
Myth is neither a lie nor a confession: it is an inflexion.
Whenever the people are well-informed, they can be trusted with their own government.
You have a row of dominoes set up; you knock over the first one, and what will happen to the last one is that it will go over very quickly.
The good life, as I conceive it, is a happy life. I do not mean that if you are good you will be happy; I mean that if you are happy you will be good.
Ambition never comes to an end.
Better to ask a question than to remain ignorant.
What you are, you are by accident of birth; what I am, I am by myself. There are and will be a thousand princes; there is only one Beethoven.
The teacher must derive not only the capacity, but the desire, to observe natural phenomena. The teacher must understand and feel her position of observer: the activity must lie in the phenomenon.
Truth or happiness. Never both.
Why is Monday so far away from Friday, but Friday is so darn close to Monday!
I am not interested in picking up crumbs of compassion thrown from the table of someone who considers himself my master. I want the full menu of rights.
Let good luck and understanding stay with you forever! Happy wedding day!
Do not say a little in many words but a great deal in a few.
Beware of little expenses. A small leak will sink a great ship.
I sit in places like Costa Coffee in Banstead and write rubbish. I need a deadline. I think about the 44 tour dates and keep imagining standing in front of all these people. Then every day I write 15 jokes minimum.
To handle a language skillfully is to practice a kind of evocative sorcery.
The world is full of human lobsters; men stranded on the rocks of indecision and procrastination, who, instead of putting forth their own energies, are waiting for some grand billow of good fortune to set them afloat.
A hero is a man who is afraid to run away.
The most destructive criticism is indifference.
Love is like a bouncy ball bcoz if you drop it, it always cflove
For true love is inexhaustible; the more you give, the more you have. And if you go to draw at the true fountainhead, the more water you draw, the more abundant is its flow.
We may give without loving, but we cannot love without giving.
The book salesman should be honored because he brings to our attention, as a rule, the very books we need most and neglect most.
Humans are amphibians - half spirit and half animal. As spirits they belong to the eternal world, but as animals they inhabit time.
We are afraid to care too much, for fear that the other person does not care at all.
A good speaker makes a good liar.
Politics is not about winning for the sake of winning.
Composition is, for the most part, an effort of slow diligence and steady perseverance, to which the mind is dragged by necessity or resolution, and from which the attention is every moment starting to more delightful amusements.
Perhaps travel cannot prevent bigotry, but by demonstrating that all peoples cry, laugh, eat, worry, and die, it can introduce the idea that if we try and understand each other, we may even become friends.
A conscience is what hurts when all of your other parts feel so good.
It is a bit embarrassing to have been concerned with the human problem all one\'s life and find at the end that one has no more to offer by way of advice than \'try to be a little kinder.\'
‘Tis always morning somewhere in the world.
We would not let ourselves be burned to death for our opinions: we are not sure enough of them for that. But perhaps for the right to have our opinions and to change them.
You can\'t make war in the Middle East without Egypt and you can\'t make peace without Syria.
If we, citizens, do not support our artists, then we sacrifice our imagination on the altar of crude reality and we end up believing in nothing and having worthless dreams.
We have to live today by what truth we can get today and be ready tomorrow to call it falsehood.
You cannot always control what goes on outside. But you can always control what goes on inside.
We always believe God is like ourselves, the indulgent think him indulgent and the stern, terrible.
It is the heart that makes a man rich. He is rich according to what he is, not according to what he has.
A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking ticket and rejoices that the system works.
They make a wilderness and call it peace.
Do you know the only thing that gives me pleasure? It\'s to see my dividends coming in.
Making the world safe for hypocrisy.
Revenge is a kind of wild justice, which the more a man\'s nature runs to, the more ought law to weed it out.
The basic truth of all things, as nearly as we may ever dream of determining and knowing this truth, is form, that which is, as it is. The way and shape of the thing no less than the thing itself.
For Satan finds some mischief still For idle hands to do.
Be on the alert to recognize your prime at whatever time of your life it may occur.
The will is the strong blind man who carries on his shoulders the lame man who can see.
Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe.
Humanity I love you because when you\'re hard up you pawn your intelligence to buy a drink.
Better a snotty child than his nose wiped off.
Take the first step in faith. You dont have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
You cannot be a leader, and ask other people to follow you, unless you know how to follow, too.
We spend too much time over-analyzing, over-thinking, and overreacting.
Reading is an art form, and every man can be an artist.
The propensity to truck, barter and exchange one thing for another is common to all men, and to be found in no other race of animals.
Then is it sin to rush into the secret house of death. Ere death dare come to us?
For art to exist, for any sort of aesthetic activity to exist, a certain physiological precondition is indispensable: intoxication.
The only end of writing is to enable readers better to enjoy life or better to endure it. 
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
We are such stuff as dreams are made on, and our little life, is rounded with a sleep. The Tempest
Love is a great beautifier.
Nothing focuses the mind better than the constant sight of a competitor who wants to wipe you off the map.
An inconvenience is an adventure wrongly considered.
Do you wish to rise? Begin by descending. You plan a tower that will pierce the clouds? Lay first the foundation of humility.
Ads are the cave art of the twentieth century.
I have been interested in dreams, really since I was a kid. I have always been fascinated by the idea that your mind, when you are asleep, can create a world in a dream and you are perceiving it as though it really existed.
I love you not because of who you are, but because of who I am when I am with you.
Prosperous farmers mean more employment, more prosperity for the workers and the business men of every industrial area in the whole country.
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it\'s the size of the fight in the dog.
A happy childhood... is the worst possible preparation for life.
Put it before them briefly so they will read it, clearly so they will appreciate it, picturesquely so they will remember it and, above all, accurately so they will be guided by its light.
The higher you climb on loves ladder, the harder you fall.
History is the unrolled scroll of prophecy.
The wheel is come full circle.
Remember that mindsets can not be changed through force and coercion. No idea can ever be forcibly thrust upon any one.
That which is not just is not law.
I imagine that yes is the only living thing.
The Sun, the hearth of affection and life, pours burning love on the delighted earth.
It is better to be a coward for a minute than dead for the rest of your life.
Love is like a butterfly, hold it too tight, itll crush, hold it too loose, itll fly
What we observe is not nature itself, but nature exposed to our method of questioning.
A man finds room in the few square inches of the face for the traits of all his ancestors; for the expression of all his history, and his wants.
I think it is good that books still exist, but they do make me sleepy.
Hope has a good memory, gratitude a bad one.
Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed was the ninth beatitude.
When taxidermy is done well it\'s an amazing piece of art.
Life every man holds dear; but the dear man holds honor far more precious dear than life.
Tomorrow is always fresh, with no mistakes in it.
If you fire people, you fire customers.
The stellar universe is not so difficult of comprehension as the real actions of other people.
Be brave enough to live life creatively. The creative place where no one else has ever been.
An empty web browsing history is a sure sign of pure guilt. ;)
Loneliness is the poverty of self; solitude is the richness of self.
I take it to be a principle rule of life, not to be too much addicted to any one thing.
When it gets dark enough you can see the stars.
The absolute fundamental aim is to make money out of satisfying customers.
Study the past if you would define the future. 
We cant have a future together if were not willing to face the present.
From each according to his abilities, to each according to his needs.
There is nothing makes a man suspect much, more than to know little, and therefore men should remedy suspicion by procuring to know more, and not keep their suspicions in smother.
The pleasures of the rich are bought with the tears of the poor.
Willful waste brings woeful want.
Why are we, as a nation so obsessed with foreign things? Is it a legacy of our colonial years? We want foreign television sets. We want foreign shirts. We want foreign technology. Why this obsession with everything imported?
The owl of ignorance lays the egg of pride.
Talking much is a sign of vanity, for the one who is lavish with words is cheap in deeds.
If you would civilize a man, begin with his grandmother.
God is no fonder of intellectual slackers than He is of any other slacker.
Make the workmanship surpass the materials.
The first human who hurled an insult instead of a stone was the founder of civilization.
Love: A temporary insanity curable by marriage.
Everyone believed the Senate could not really be led. It used to take so long to rise up through seniority. In two years Lyndon Johnson is assistant leader of his party. In four years he is the leader of his party.
The hottest place in Hell is reserved for those who remain neutral in times of great moral conflict.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
When man lives under government, he is fallen, his worth is gone, and his nature tarnished.
Corporal punishment is as humiliating for him who gives it as for him who receives it; it is ineffective besides. Neither shame nor physical pain have any other effect than a hardening one.
Out of limitations, new forms emerge
Politics is war without blood while war is politics with blood. 
The closed mind, if closed long enough, can be opened by nothing short of dynamite.
I learned how to stop crying.<BR>I learned how to hide inside of myself.<BR>I learned how to be somebody else.<BR>I learned how to be cold and numb. 
Kiss Me If Im Wrong, But Dinosaurs Still Exist, Right?
You ignored the softness of my heart and get ready to believe on my mean behavior.
Beauty without expression is boring.
An acquaintance that begins with a compliment is sure to develop into a real friendship.
Jealousy is cruel as the grave: the coals thereof are coals of fire.
Men make counterfeit money; in many more cases, money makes counterfeit men.
Love sought is good, but given unsought, is better.
In the end, the only people who fail are those who do not try.
You must show him, by leaving him severely alone.
There are no right answers to wrong questions.
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
No one can be so welcome a guest that he will not annoy his host after three days.
Don\'t stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed.
Parenthood remains the greatest single preserve of the amateur.
Technology is anything that wasn\'t around when you were born.
I just want to have a place in your heart like you have a place in mine.
Justice is a temporary thing that must at last come to an end; but the conscience is eternal and will never die.
Losing a part of yourself is much easier than losing the one you love.
When the eagles are silent the parrots begin to jabber.
You can preach a better sermon with your life than with your lips.
I wish my book of life was written in pencil. There are a few pages I would like to erase.
When dictatorship is a fact, revolution becomes a right.
We do NOT know the past in chronological sequence. It may be convenient to lay it out anesthetized on the table with dates pasted on here and there, but what we know we know by ripples and spirals eddying out from us and from our own time.
We will be remembered only if we give to our younger generation a prosperous and safe India, resulting out of economic prosperity coupled with civilizational heritage.
You can fix anything but a blank page.
My father was a police officer before he retired. One of my brothers is also a police officer, and I think they kind of expected I would do something along those lines, like become a fireman or something.
I play a huge variety of roles.
Man is remembered by his deeds.
I still have my feet on the ground, I just wear better shoes.
Everybody makes mistakes. You dont want to be judged by yours, then dont judge anyone else.. end of the day, the past is unchangeable, but people change & life goes on
I just want someone to hear what I have to say. And maybe if I talk long enough itll make sense. 
Family traditions counter alienation and confusion. They help us define who we are; they provide something steady, reliable and safe in a confusing world.
My desire to exit the game is greater than my desire to remain in it. I have searched my heart through and through and feel comfortable with this decision.
We must make the best of those ills which cannot be avoided.
GOD has a bigger plan for me than I have for myself.
Keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
She says nothing at all, but simply stares upward into the dark sky and watches, with sad eyes, the slow dance of infinite stars.
Politics begin where the masses are, not where there are thousands, but where there are millions, that is where serious politics begin.
Traveling makes a man wiser, but less happy.
Eyes so transparent that through them the soul is seen.
That cause is strong which has, not a multitude, but one strong man behind it.
My two elder sisters married Englishmen and went abroad.
Can I borrow a quarter? I just want to call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my dream.
I made a Christmas album a couple of years ago and just put it out on my Web site. It kind of smacked of this flavor. All of the reviews said it was Western swing even when it was Christmas standards.
The desire of knowledge, like the thirst for riches, increases ever with the acquisition of it.
When you cease to dream you cease to live.
Any one need relationship advice? Message me and ill be here for anyone :)
If we do not maintain Justice, Justice will not maintain us.
Old beliefs die hard even when demonstrably false.
When you can do the common things in life in a uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world.
In oneself lies the whole world and if you know how to look and learn, the door is there and the key is in your hand. Nobody on earth can give you either the key or the door to open, except yourself.
The universe we observe has precisely the properties we should expect if there is, at bottom, no design, no purpose, no evil, no good, nothing but blind, pitiless indifference.
As flies to wanton boys, are we to the gods; they kill us for their sport.
Before we work on artificial intelligence why dont we do something about natural stupidity 
I am his Highness dog at Kew; pray tell me, sir, whose dog are you?
Allah will help him who moves in the way of Allah.
First you write down your goal; your second job is to break down your goal into a series of steps, beginning with steps which are absurdly easy.
Suspense is worst than disappointment.
Each time a language dies another flame goes out another sound goes silent. 
A good scare is worth more to a man than good advice.
From a drop of water a logician could infer the possibility of an Atlantic or a Niagara without having seen or heard of one or the other.
Nearly all the best things that came to me in life have been unexpected, unplanned by me.
The deepest personal defeat suffered by human beings is constituted by the difference between what one was capable of becoming and what one has in fact become.
Govern yourself and you can govern the world.
Life Is not A MP3 Player Where We Can enjoy Our favourite songs But Life Is Like A FM radio We Have to Learn to enjoy What Ever comes.
Those who deny freedom to others, deserve it not for themselves.
To know the history of science is to recognize the mortality of any claim to universal truth.
The causes of events are ever more interesting than the events themselves.
Contemporaries appreciate the man rather than the merit; but posterity will regard the merit rather than the man.
Women have a predestination to suffering.
Everything great in the world comes from neurotics. They alone have founded our religions and composed our masterpieces.
The ultimate victory in competition is derived from the inner satisfaction of knowing that you have done your best and that you have gotten the most out of what you had to give.
A lot of people say that people cant change. I think theyre wrong. My theory is: People can change. Its just easier for them not to.
Malta is a sod of a place.
Praise, like gold and diamonds, owes its value only to its scarcity.
The soldier above all others prays for peace, for it is the soldier who must suffer and bear the deepest wounds and scars of war.
To understand how any society functions you must understand the relationship between the men and the women.
The best theology is rather a divine life than a divine knowledge.
The theatre was created to tell people the truth about life and the social situation.
Eagles don\'t flock, you have to find them one at a time.
The oldest, shortest words - yes and no - are those which require the most thought.
Everything will change. The only question is growing up or decaying.
If you wish to reach the highest, begin at the lowest.
The Latin musical tradition is very rich and gives the singer a lot of freedom to explore a range of.
If youre looking for wealth, just count your blessings.
Stock prices have reached what looks like a permanently high plateau.
Remorse, the fatal egg that pleasure laid.
I Dont Know You, But I Think I Love You Already.
I put instant coffee in a microwave oven and almost went back in time.
Use, do not abuse; neither abstinence nor excess ever renders man happy.
Anytime I am around a male body part it is kind of exiting.
Beauty saves. Beauty heals. Beauty motivates. Beauty unites. Beauty returns us to our origins, and here lies the ultimate act of saving, of healing, of overcoming dualism.
The time was ripe for Flower. The vibe was right.
The creative mind is the playful mind. Philosophy is the play and dance of ideas.
As far as Hip Hop Manhattan was after the Bronx.
When you are learning about a martial art, it is about respect.
Conquered, we conquer.
Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.
This is a racist country.
We can learn much from wise words, little from wisecracks, and less from wise guys.
Manners make often fortunes.
If you count all your assets you always show a profit.
Speak clearly, if you speak at all; carve every word before you let it fall.
Before you react, think. Before you quit, try.
Reckless youth makes rueful age.
Sometimes life is too hard to be alone and sometimes its too good to be alone.
A teacher will be frustrated if she is only motivated to teach what she has learned. Yet if she is motivated because of the students then she will learn from them how to teach. 
More gold has been mined from the thoughts of men than has been taken from the earth.
My father is black and my mother is white. Therefore, I could answer to either, which kind of makes me a racial Lone Ranger, caught between two communities.
Men are rich only as they give. He who gives great service gets great rewards.
Life is a series of pulls back and forth... A tension of opposites, like a pull on a rubber band. Most of us live somewhere in the middle. A wrestling match...Which side win? Love wins. Love always wins
The fact is that people are good, Give people affection and security, and they will give affection and be secure in their feelings and their behavior.
Lets go to bed. Im tired of this day. I need a new one. Good Night
The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains.
We often shed tears that deceive ourselves after deceiving others.
To know nothing is the happiest life.
In this loveless everyday life eroticism is a substitute for love.
One still strong man in a blatant land,whatever they call him, what care I,Aristocrat, democrat, autocrat - oneWho can rule and dare not lie.
This sight... is by far the noblest astronomy affords.
Everyone needs a certain amount of money. Beyond that, we pursue money because we know how to obtain it. We don\'t necessarily know how to obtain happiness.
I never did a day\'s work in my life. It was all fun.
Power is not a means, it is an end. One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship.
Sorrow is knowledge, those that know the most must mourn the deepest, the tree of knowledge is not the tree of life.
A man can do what he wants, but not want what he wants.
Nothing stinks like a pile of unpublished writing.
Fast cars are my only vice.
Forever is not a word rather a place where two lovers go when true love takes them there.
Science has not yet taught us if madness is or is not the sublimity of the intelligence.
I\'ve tried everything other than jumping out of a plane, but nothing gives you an adrenaline rush like racing a car.
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss.
Human beings do not live in the objective world alone, nor alone in the world of social activity as ordinarily understood, but are very much at the mercy of the particular language which has become the medium of expression for their society.
I do not believe in immortality of the individual, and I consider ethics to be an exclusively human concern with no superhuman authority behind it.
May you find serenity and tranquility in a world you may not always understand
Take God for your spouse and friend and walk with him continually, and you will not sin and will learn to love, and the things you must do will work out prosperously for you.
Wind puffs up empty bladders; opinion, fools.
I sent an angel to look over you at night. The angel came back a minute later. I asked it why. It told me Angels dont watch other angels.
The law of sacrifice is uniform throughout the world. To be effective it demands the sacrifice of the bravest and the most spotless.
With foxes we must play the fox.
When a poor man eats a chicken, one of them is sick.
If all printers were determined not to print anything till they were sure it would offend nobody, there would be very little printed.
The greatest analgesic, soporific, stimulant, tranquilizer, narcotic, and to some extent even antibiotic --in short, the closest thing to a genuine panacea --known to medical science is work.
The awareness of our own strength makes us modest.
The person who has lived the most is not the one with the most years but the one with the richest experiences.
Patriotism consists not in waving the flag, but in striving that our country shall be righteous as well as strong.
To me success means effectiveness in the world, that I am able to carry my ideas and values into the world - that I am able to change it in positive ways.
Violence is a calm that disturbs you.
Bigotry tries to keep truth safe in its hand with a grip that kills it.
For by superior energies; more strict affiance in each other; faith more firm in their unhallowed principles, the bad have fairly earned a victory over the weak, the vacillating, inconsistent good.
Stay in my life, forever?
Anything good in life is either illegal, immoral or fattening
We were not treated by our own government as proper human beings and consequently, some outsiders did not regard us as the same kind of humans as themselves.
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
Looking back on my life I sigh. The caprice of youth goes with the wind Ive no regrets. 
Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one.
Fame is a vapor, popularity an accident, and riches take wings. Only one thing endures and that is character.
Nobody counts the number of ads you run; they just remember the impression you make.
Faith and prayer are the vitamins of the soul; man cannot live in health without them.
The English think they are free. They are free only during the election of members of parliament.
Virtuous and vicious everyone must be; few in extremes, but all in degree.
Ask for what you want and be prepared to get it!
As life runs on, the road grows strange with faces new - and near the end. The milestones into headstones change, Neath every one a friend.
Whatever hysteria exists is inflamed by mystery, suspicion and secrecy. Hard and exact facts will cool it.
If the presence of electricity can be made visible in any part of the circuit, I see no reason why intelligence may not be transmitted instantaneously by electricity.
I was from the bush, watching Greg Norman on TV, but it was a world away.
Charm strikes the sight, but merit wins the soul.
Handle a book as a bee does a flower extract its sweetness but do not damage it. 
My crown is called content, a crown that seldom kings enjoy.
The world is put back by the death of every one who has to sacrifice the development of his or her peculiar gifts to conventionality.
As life goes on, theres new challenges that we all have to face, theres more problems for us to solve, theres more mistakes for us to make and to learn from. Thats what life is all about.
The problem is, women have stopped setting the bar high.
Religion must mainly be a matter of principles only. It cannot be a matter of rules. The moment it degenerates into rules, it ceases to be a religion, as it kills responsibility which is an essence of the true religious act.
Men do not get up and do mischief, without there is someone in the head of it.
Friendships born on the field of athletic strife are the real gold of competition. Awards become corroded, friends gather no dust.
Half the joy of life is in little things taken on the run... but let us keep our hearts young and our eyes open that nothing worth our while shall escape us.
Love is always bestowed as a gift - freely, willingly and without expectation. We don\'t love to be loved; we love to love.
My parents told me I would become a doctor and then in my spare time I would become a concert pianist. So, both my day job and my spare time were sort of taken care of.
We are all mediators, translators.
Nature and nature\'s laws lay hid in the night. God said, Let Newton be! and all was light!
I take space to be the central fact to man born in America. I spell it large because it comes large here. Large and without mercy.
Intellect distinguishes between the possible and the impossible; reason distinguishes between the sensible and the senseless. Even the possible can be senseless.
Being close but feeling far talking but not being heard loving but not being loved that is the painful reality of a dying relationship. 
About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
No man is fit to command another that cannot command himself.
Cast away care, he that loves sorrow Lengthens not a day, nor can buy tomorrow; Money is trash, and he that will spend it, Let him drink merrily, fortune will send it.
Men are much oftener thrown on their knees by the melancholy than by the agreeable passions.
The Earth is just too small and fragile a basket for the human race to keep all its eggs in it.
Arguments are to be avoided: they are always vulgar and often convincing.
Success is neither magical or mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying the basic fundamentals.
Pricing is actually a pretty simple and straight forward thing. Customers will not pay literally a penny more than the true value of the product.
Resolve and thou art free.
We are trying to construct a more inclusive society. We are going to make a country in which no one is left out.
Beauty and folly are old companions.
It has been said that politics is the second oldest profession. I have learned that it bears a striking resemblance to the first.
A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small bundle.
Everyone imposes his own system as far as his army can reach.
All this talk and turmoil and noise and movement and desire is outside of the veil; within the veil is silence and calm and rest.
Remember that lost time does not return.
The true is inimitable, the false untransformable.
Whither goest thou, America, in thy shiny car in the night?
The greatest mistake is to imagine that we never err.
The essence of philosophy is that a man should so live that his happiness shall depend as little as possible on external things.
For to win one hundred victories in one hundred battles is not the acme of skill. To subdue the enemy without fighting is the acme of skill.
Narcissus does not fall in love with his reflection because it is beautiful, but because it is his. If it were his beauty that enthralled him, he would be set free in a few years by its fading.
Your ability to rationalize your own bad deeds makes you believe that the whole world is as amoral as you are.
Be careful who you trust. If someone will discuss others with you, they will certainly discuss you with others.
Stand with anybody that stands right and part with him when he goes wrong.
My pride fell with my fortunes.
Vigorous writing is concise. A sentence should contain no unnecessary words, a paragraph no unnecessary sentences, for the same reason that a drawing should have no unnecessary lines and a machine no unnecessary parts.
No greater problem is presented to the human mind.
Sending you wishes for a happy year filled with health, prosperity, love and loads of fun!
I conceive there lies a clear rule in Titus that the elder women should instruct the younger and then I must have a time wherein I must do it.
Your fear of looking stupid is holding you back.
From the errors of others, a wise man corrects his own.
The Roswell incident, for instance, had over three hundred witnesses - some describing the bodies, some the craft, some the military procedures. Were they all perpetuating their own lives in a myth?
Fear and I were old buddies, despite my best efforts to the contrary.
What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lives within us.
Necessity has no law.
The power of choosing good and evil is within the reach of all.
It is the eye of other people that ruin us. If I were blind I would want, neither fine clothes, fine houses or fine furniture.
It is a damn poor mind that can think of only one way to spell a word.
Danger breeds best on too much confidence.
Theater is a verb before it is a noun, an act before it is a place.
Observe good faith and justice toward all nations. Cultivate peace and harmony with all.
Never was a miser a brave soul.
I\'ve three children, three grandchildren, I work, I travel, and I\'m very happily married. I\'m very satisfied and happy with my life and there really isn\'t anything I want.
Dont say hi to your future if you havent said bye to your past..
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs.
The undiscovered country form whose born no traveler returns. Hamlet
The anarchist and the Christian have a common origin.
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.
No man can tell whether he is rich or poor by turning to his ledger. It is the heart that makes a man rich. He is rich according to what he is, not according to what he has.
To know the pains of power, we must go to those who have it; to know its pleasures, we must go to those who are seeking it. The pains of power are real; its pleasures imaginary.
Stand upright, speak thy thoughts, declare  the truth thou hast, that all may share;   Be bold, proclaim it everywhere:   They only live who dare.
The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that carries any reward.
I owe it all to Jesus.
One of the happiest days of my life is when I made five or six hundred pesos from a crop of watermelons I raise all on my own.
What you THINK about reveals what you ARE. Sometimes we need to do a check-up from the neck-up.
If everybody minded their own business, the Duchess said in a hoarse growl, the world would go round a deal faster than it does.
The impossible often has a kind of integrity which the merely improbable lacks.
To die will be an awfully big adventure.
silence is not weakness and decency is not pride 
Love possesses not nor will it be possessed, for love is sufficient unto love.
First I was dying to finish high-school and start college. Then I was dying to finish college and start working. Next, I was dying for my children to grow old enough for school, so I could return to work. Finally, I was dying to retire. And now, I am dying
I saw few die of hunger; of eating, a hundred thousand.
I find the earth to be a place of misery in which I am surrounded by the conformity that kills society.
Can you stop being so attractive? Im trying to move on here..
Seize the moment of excited curiosity on any subject to solve your doubts; for if you let it pass, the desire may never return, and you may remain in ignorance.
In a crowded marketplace, fitting in is a failure. In a busy marketplace, not standing out is the same as being invisible.
If a blind man says, “Let\'s throw stones,” be assured that he has stepped on one.
I am a frayed and nibbled survivor in a fallen world, and I am getting along. I am aging and eaten and have done my share of eating too.
The darkest thing about Africa has always been our ignorance of it.
Make them laugh, make them cry, and hack to laughter. What do people go to the theatre for? An emotional exercise. I am a servant of the people. I have never forgotten that.
God is a frequency. Stay tuned.
We will outstretch the hand if you unclench your fist.  
I worshipped dead men for their strength, forgetting I was strong.
Ocean is more ancient than the mountains, and freighted with the memories and the dreams of Time.
All religion, my friend, is simply evolved out of fraud, fear, greed, imagination, and poetry.
For when a child is born the mother also is born again.
I can go out in public without being recognized. If I want to be recognized in public, it will happen.
From birth, man carries the weight of gravity on his shoulders. He is bolted to earth. But man has only to sink beneath the surface and he is free.
What everyone in the astronaut corps shares in common is not gender or ethnic background, but motivation, perseverance, and desire - the desire to participate in a voyage of discovery.
Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear.
Leadership is intangible, and therefore no weapon ever designed can replace it.
We must all die. But that I can save him from days of torture, that is what I feel as my great and ever new privelege. Pain is a more terrible lord of mankind than even death himself.
You must obey the law, always, not only when they grab you by your special place.
The most profound joy has more of gravity than of gaiety in it.
By faithfulness we are collected and wound up into unity within ourselves, whereas we had been scattered abroad in multiplicity.
There are worse things in life than death. Have you ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman?
Beauty when unadorned is adorned the most.
Being a woman is a terribly difficult task, since it consists principally in dealing with men.
Envy feeds on the living, after death it rests, then the honor of a man protects him.
No damn man kills me and lives.
Your best teacher is your last mistake.
Family means no one gets left behind or forgotten.
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live.
Our homeland is the whole world. Our law is liberty. We have but one thought, revolution in our hearts.
A monopoly on the means of communication may define a ruling elite more precisely than the celebrated Marxian formula of monopoly in the means of production.
I would not have to manage my anger if people would manage their stupidity.
The secret of successful speakers? Passion and compassion with a purpose.
The most valuable of all talents is that of never using two words when one will do.
Wow! You Are So Beautiful, You Made Me Forget My Pickup Line.
Follow your dreams, work hard, practice and persevere. Make sure you eat a variety of foods, get plenty of exercise and maintain a healthy lifestyle.
The more highly public life is organized the lower does its morality sink.
All things must come to the soul from its roots, from where it is planted.
Guilt is anger directed at ourselves - at what we did or did not do. Resentment is anger directed at others - at what they did or did not do.
I gravitate towards gravitas.
We have more media than ever and more technology in our lives. It\'s supposed to help us communicate, but it has the opposite effect of isolating us.
In argument similes are like songs in love; they describe much, but prove nothing.
Better one living word than a hundred dead ones.
Clear conscience never fears midnight knocking.
The highest manifestation of life consists in this: that a being governs its own actions. A thing which is always subject to the direction of another is somewhat of a dead thing.
Liberty for wolves is death to the lambs.
You must become an old man in good time if you wish to be an old man long.
Writing is nothing more than a guided dream.
In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies.
Stupidity is infinitely more fascinating that intelligence. Intelligence has its limits while stupidity has none.
She lacks the indefinable charm of weakness.
Name the greatest of all inventors. Accident.
I shall never be a heretic; I may err in dispute, but I do not wish to decide anything finally; on the other hand, I am not bound by the opinions of men.
I think the hardest part about being a teenager is dealing with other teenagers - the criticism and the ridicule, the gossip and rumors.
As I go to sleep I remember what my father said-that one can never be sure if one will awake. The way my health is now, this is becoming more and more real.
Violence is my last option.
People see the world not as it is, but as they are.
You Know How They Say Skin Is The Largest Organ On The Human Body? Not In My Case.
The more intelligent one is, the more men of originality one finds. Ordinary people find no difference between men.
On Linden, when the sun was low,All bloodless lay the untrodden snow,And dark as winter was the flowOf Iser, rolling rapidly.
The internet has been a boon and a curse for teenagers.
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above them.
A sin confessed is half forgiven.
Any sane person would have left long ago. But I cannot. I have my sons.
I always say beauty is only sin deep.
If we take as given that critical infrastructures are vulnerable to a cyber terrorist attack, then the question becomes whether there are actors with the capability and motivation to carry out such an operation.
I am so busy doing nothing... that the idea of doing anything - which as you know, always leads to something - cuts into the nothing and then forces me to have to drop everything.
Truth never comes into the world but like a bastard, to the ignominy of him that brought her birth.
Kindness in women, not their beauteous looks, shall win my love.
When I got [my] library card, that was when my life began.
Love is staying up all night with a sick child - or a healthy adult.
Sometimes the bad things that happen in our lives put us directly on the path to the best things that will ever happen to us.
I am not handsome, but when women hear me play, they come crawling to my feet.
To love a thing means wanting it to live.
Climb mountains to see lowlands.
Man is made or unmade by himself. By the right choice he ascends. As a being of power, intelligence, and love, and the lord of his own thoughts, he holds the key to every situation.
Being a sex symbol is a heavy load to carry, especially when one is tired, hurt and bewildered.
Men govern nothing with more difficulty than their tongues, and can moderate their desires more than their words.
Servant leadership is the foundation and the secret of Sam Walton\'s ability to achieve team synergy.
Never waste any time you can spend sleeping. 
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.
In war, there are no winners.
Any sufficiently advanced bureaucracy is indistinguishable from molasses.
Sometimes the words left unspoken are the most important ones that should have been said.
The man who has his millions will want everything he can lay his hands on and then raise his voice against the poor devil who wants ten cents more a day.
Whatever must happen ultimately should happen immediately.
Man is an artifact designed for space travel. He is not designed to remain in his present biologic state any more than a tadpole is designed to remain a tadpole.
Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute.
Where the guilt is doubtful, a presumption of innocence should in general be admitted.
Facts which at first seem improbable will, even on scant explanation, drop the cloak which has hidden them and stand forth in naked and simple beauty.
I do not believe a man can ever leave his business. He ought to think of it by day and dream of it by night.
Errors are not in the art but in the artificers.
An interface is humane if it is responsive to human needs and considerate of human frailties.
If you want a guarantee, buy a toaster.
He who knows how will always work for he who knows why.
It is easier for a father to have children than for children to have a real father.
The light at the end of the tunnel is just the light of an oncoming train.
Never look down on someone unless you are helping him up.
Loneliness is the human condition. Cultivate it. The way it tunnels into you allows your soul room to grow.
Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.
If you do things well, do them better. Be daring, be first, be different, be just.
Anxiety is part of creativity, the need to get something out, the need to be rid of something or to get in touch with something within.
Our society strives to avoid any possibility of offending anyone - except God.
God does not die on the day when we cease to believe in a personal deity, but we die on the day when our lives cease to be illumined by the steady radiance, renewed daily, of a wonder, the source of which is beyond all reason.
Marriage is a mistake every man should make.
Self-distrust is the cause of most of our failures. In the assurance of strength, there is strength, and they are the weakest, however strong, who have no faith in themselves or their own powers.
The ideology of capitalism makes us all into connoisseurs of liberty - of the indefinite expansion of possibility.
Examinations are formidable even to the best prepared, for the greatest fool may ask more than the wisest man can answer.
And all for love, and nothing for reward.
It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both.
The independent girl is truly of quite modern origin, and usually is a most bewitching little piece of humanity.
But constant experience shows us that every man invested with power is apt to abuse it, and to carry his authority as far as it will go.
Light, God\'s eldest daughter, is a principal beauty in a building.
Every parting is a form of death, as every reunion is a type of heaven.
No man is rich enough to buy back his past.
A person always doing his or her best becomes a natural leader, just by example.
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
Good health and good sense are two of life\'s greatest blessings.
Poor is the man whose pleasures depend on the permission of another.
All the business of war, and indeed all the business of life, is to endeavour to find out what you don\'t know by what you do; that\'s what I called \'guess what was at the other side of the hill\'.
Only a mediocre person is always at his best.
All men are by nature equal, made all of the same earth by one Workman; and however we deceive ourselves, as dear unto God is the poor peasant as the mighty prince.
The only thing we have learnt from experience is that we learn nothing from experience.
The only good luck many great men ever had was being born with the ability and determination to overcome bad luck.
We all carry within us our places of exile, our crimes, and our ravages. But our task is not to unleash them on the world; it is to fight them in ourselves and in others.
This is the difference between my morality and hedonism. The standard is not: that is good which gives me pleasure, just because it gives me pleasure (which is the standard of the dipsomaniac or the sex-chaser)
He is your friend who pushes you nearer to God.
In some cases non-violence requires more militancy than violence.
I was really lucky that I came to puberty at a time when music and politics were completely intertwined.
The greatest enemy to human souls is the self-righteous spirit which makes men look to themselves for salvation.
A person should not be too honest. Straight trees are cut first and honest people are screwed first.
Man acts as though he were the shaper and master of language, while in fact language remains the master of man.
Total ghettoization, because they were in charge of public housing, the local council, and they deliberately located people in a ghetto situation in order to ensure that they maintained control.
Grasp the subject, the words will follow.
What men call civilization is the condition of present customs; what they call barbarism, the  condition of past ones.
The just man may sin with an open chest of gold before him.
I care not, a man can die but once; we owe God and death.
I slept and dreamt that life was joy. I awoke and saw that life was service. I acted and behold, service was joy.
Be drawn to the visual arts for it can expand your imagination.
I had an allowance, but I had to do things around the house to earn it. I think I always wanted my own money.
Civilized society is perpetually menaced with disintegration through this primary hostility of men towards one another.
It is a short walk from the hallelujah to the hoot.
Iron sharpens iron; scholar, the scholar.
Bullets cannot be recalled. They cannot be uninvented. But they can be taken out of the gun.
God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. Therefore will not we fear, though the earth be removed, and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea.
Dont be too organized for your future. Life is unpredictable. Things change.
Often we can help each other most by leaving each other alone at other times we need the hand-grasp and the word of cheer.
A quotation at the right moment is like bread to the famished.
What is the hardest task in the world? To think.
Never get tired of doing little things for others. Sometimes those little things occupy the biggest part of their hearts.
The inarticulate speak longest.
In politics... never retreat, never retract... never admit a mistake.
Zest is the secret of all beauty. There is no beauty that is attractive without zest.
I get to go to overseas places, like Canada.
Never forget the hand that raised you
You cant correct a mistake if you never take ownership of it.
Don\'t just follow your dreams; chase them down, grab hold and don\'t let go
Cancer patients are lied to, not just because the disease is (or is thought to be) a death sentence, but because it is felt to be obscene -- in the original meaning of that word: ill-omened, abominable, repugnant to the senses.
The patriot blood of my father was warm in my veins.
We will not bend or fail until the blood of every last Jew from the youngest child to the oldest elder is spilt to redeem our land!
All places where women are excluded tend downward to barbarism; but the moment she is introduced, there come in with her courtesy, cleanliness, sobriety, and order.
The essence of morality is a questioning about morality; and the decisive move of human life is to use ceaselessly all light to look for the origin of the opposition between good and evil.
Take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
I have wandered all my life, and I have also traveled; the difference between the two being this, that we wander for distraction, but we travel for fulfillment.
Curiosity killed the cat, but for a while I was a suspect.
Your eye is the only part you can not wash with soap.
Under a ragged coat lies wisdom.
No one can cheat you out of ultimate success but yourself.
We reserve our deepest respect and admiration for those who volunteer for service and give their lives to help keep our nation secure.
Renouncement: the heroism of mediocrity.
When a dove begins to associate with crows its feathers remain white but its heart grows black.
If u have money buy gold. It is going to double in value.
An early-rising man is a good spouse but a bad husband.
Remember to be gentle with yourself and others. We are all children of chance and none can say why some fields will blossom while others lay brown beneath the August sun.
It\'s ironic that at age 32, at probably the greatest moment of my career, with The Godfather having such an enormous success, I wasn\'t even aware of it, because I was somewhere else under the deadline again.
Persecution is not an original feature in any religion; but it is always the strongly marked feature of all religions established by law.
Education is that whole system of human training within and without the school house walls, which molds and develops men.
Hold on with a bulldog grip, and chew and choke as much as possible.
The worst thing you can possibly do is worrying and thinking about what you could have done.
My dad always said, \'Champ, the measure of a man is not how often he is knocked down, but how quickly he gets up.\'
You will never win if you never begin.
The appearance of a single great genius is more than equivalent to the birth of a hundred mediocrities.
I would rather not be a king than to forfeit my liberty.
A great part of courage is having done the thing before.
The sweetness of victory is undermined only by its lack of nutritional content.
Aging is inevitable, Maturing is optional.
He offered her the world. She said she had her own. 
If we cannot live so as to be happy, let us so live as to deserve happiness.
I can stand brute force, but brute reason is quite unbearable. There is something unfair about its use. It is hitting below the intellect.
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live.
World War I broke out largely because of an arms race, and World War II because of the lack of an arms race.
If any come to my house to be instructed in the ways of God what rule have I to put them away? Do you think it not lawful for me to teach women and why do you call me to teach the court?
I appeal to you, my friends, as mothers: are you willing to enslave your children? You stare back with horror and indignation at such questions. But why, if slavery is not wrong to those upon whom it is imposed?
May the joy and peace of Christmas be with you all through the Year. Wishing you a season of blessings from heaven above. Merry Christmas
Death be not proud, though some have called thee Mighty and dreadful, for thou art not so. For, those, whom thou think\'st thou dost overthrow. Die not, poor death, nor yet canst thou kill me.
Man is not the sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have.
Mother is the biggest gift of god to all human being believe it or not she is the real queen she protect her child and not mean love u a lot mom.
Depression is melancholy minus its charms -- the animation, the fits.
I never miss a chance to have sex or appear on television.
A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without getting nervous.
It is part of the cure to wish to be cured.
Patience is the art of concealing your impatience.
A life-long blessing for children is to fill them with warm memories of times together. Happy memories become treasures in the heart to pull out on the tough days of adulthood.
The greatest victory, is the battle not fought.
We are no longer happy as soon as we wish to be happier.
...to the last I grapple with thee from hells heart I stab at thee for hates sake I spit my last breath at thee. 
If the white man wants to hold on to it, let him do so; but the Negro, so far as he is able, should develop and carry out a program of his own.
Into each life some rain must fall, some days must be dark and dreary.
If you let society and your peers define who you are, you\'re the less for it.
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision.
Readers are often fans of authors, but I, myself, am a fan of readers. They are the ones who breathe life into the pages we give birth to, after all.
Let me give you one definition of ethics: It is good to maintain life and to further life; it is bad to damage and destroy life. And this ethic, profound, universal, has the significance of a religion. It is religion.
I have not become the Kings First Minister in order to preside over the liquidation of the British Empire.
I durst not laugh for fear of opening my lips and receiving the bad air.
Training is everything. The peach was once a bitter almond; cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
Education and admonition commence in the first years of childhood, and last to the very end of life.
I think using animals for food is an ethical thing to do but weve got to do it right. Weve got to give those animals a decent life and weve got to give them a painless death. We owe the animal respect. 
To retain respect for sausages and laws, one must not watch them in the making.
Difficulties are just things to overcome, after all.
In my wildest dreams, I could not have imagined a sweeter life.
The men and women who have the right ideals... are those who have the courage to strive for the happiness which comes only with labor and effort and self-sacrifice, and those whose joy in life springs in part from power of work and sense of duty.
All art is at once surface and symbol. Those who go beneath the surface do so at their peril.
Success will not lower its standard to us. We must raise our standard to success.
If all difficulties were known at the outset of a long journey, most of us would never start out at all.
Man is immortal, not because he alone among creatures has an inexhaustible voice, but because he has a soul, a spirit capable of compassion and sacrifice and endurance.
A diplomat is a person who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you actually look forward to the trip.
Everything has two sides -- the outside that is ridiculous, and the inside that is solemn.
A rich man is either a scoundrel or the heir of a scoundrel.
A sudden silence in the middle of a conversation suddenly brings us back to essentials: it reveals how dearly we must pay for the invention of speech.
Not many architects have the luxury to reject significant things.
Everything government touches turns to crap.
The arrogance of the artist is a very profound thing, and it fortifies you.
A superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
In human relationships, kindness and lies are worth a thousand truths.
No more turning a blind eye to Chinese spies in our nuclear labs. No more keeping silent about Chinese slave labor camps.
Smile though your heart is aching.
Never miss a chance to have sex or appear on television.
No matter what you deserve to smile. Dont ever let anyone take that away from you
He that dies pays all his debts.
Much talking is the cause of danger. Silence is the means of avoiding misfortune. The talkative parrot is shut up in a cage. Other birds, without speech, fly freely about.
Love is gambling, not with money but with your heart. You can always get money back, but you might not get your heart back.
Necessity has the face of a dog.
Sometimes you climb out of bed in the morning and you think Im not going to make it but you laugh inside  remembering all the times youve felt that way. 
Change brings opportunities. On the other hand, change can be confusing.
One-half of the people of this nation to-day are utterly powerless to blot from the statute books an unjust law, or to write there a new and a just one.
Judges are the weakest link in our system of justice, and they are also the most protected.
Love conquers all things except poverty and toothache.
There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
Goddam money. It always ends up making you blue as hell.
Three men were laying brick.   The first was asked: What are you doing? He answered: Laying some brick.  The second man was asked: What are you working for?      He answered: Five dollars a day.   The third man was asked: What are you doing? He answered: I am helping to build a great cathedral. Which man are you?
I did not volunteer for the Waffen SS, but was, as were thousands of my year group, conscripted. I did not then know as a 17-year-old that it was a criminal unit. I thought it was an elite unit.
My duty is to try to reach beauty. Cinema is emotion. When you laugh you cry.
Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes.
Good-bye. I am leaving because I am bored.
Prostitution, when unmotivated by economic need, might well be defined as a species of psychological addiction, built on self-hatred through repetitions of the act of sale by which a whore is defined.
Our growing softness, our increasing lack of physical fitness, is a menace to our security.
One may not reach the dawn save by the path of the night.
Innovation is the creation of the new or the re-arranging of the old in a new way.
The importance of money flows from it being a link between the present and the future.
A weak currency is the sign of a weak economy, and a weak economy leads to a weak nation.
You can do anything if you have enthusiasm. Enthusiasm is the yeast that makes your hopes rise to the stars. With it, there is accomplishment. Without it there are only alibis.
Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.
Dont use your words to describe the situation. Use your words to change the situation.
To be a hero or a heroine, one must give an order to oneself.
No one ever attains very eminent success by simply doing what is required of him; it is the amount and excellence of what is over and above the required, that determines the greatness of ultimate distinction.
All of us are guinea pigs in the laboratory of God. Humanity is just a work in progress.
Have you not a moist eye, a dry hand, a yellow cheek, a white beard, a decreasing leg, an increasing belly? Is not your voice broken, your wind short, your chin double, your wit single, and every part about you blasted with antiquity?
There are no morals in politics; there is only expedience. A scoundrel may be of use to us just because he is a scoundrel.
For us democracy is a question of human dignity. And human dignity is political freedom.
I have seen only you, I have admired only you and I desire only you.
In Art, man reveals himself and not his objects.
All History is current; all injustice continues on some level, somewhere in the world.
My guess is that nuclear weapons will be used sometime in the next hundred years, but that their use is much more likely to be small and limited than widespread and unconstrained.
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger and more complex... It takes a touch of genius - and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction.
Dictators ride to and fro upon tigers which they dare not dismount. And the tigers are getting hungry.
One man with courage is a majority.
Most people are under exposed to global assets, including foreign stocks, bonds and currencies.
Death always comes too early or too late.
Love the giver more than the gift.
There are limits to self-indulgence, none to restraint.
Because my love for you is beyond words, I decided to shut up.
We can speak without voice to the trees and the clouds and the waves of the sea. Without words they respond through the rustling of leaves and the moving of clouds and the murmuring of the sea.
Well, they had to have me in the G-string because this is PG-13, right?
Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway.
To find yourself, think for yourself.
He who does not enjoy solitude will not love freedom.
When a resolute young fellow steps up to the great bully, the world, and takes him boldly by the beard, he is often surprised to find it comes off in his hand, and that it was only tied on to scare away the timid adventurers.
God is clever, but not dishonest.
Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May.
The object of life is not to be on the side of the majority, but to escape finding oneself in the ranks of the insane.
Call me Diana, not Princess Diana.
Actors are the only honest hypocrites. Their life is a voluntary dream; and the height of their ambition is to be beside themselves.
The groundhog is like most other prophets; it delivers its prediction and then disappears.
Sincerity and the correct use of the voice are the greatest things in the art of acting.
The tongue is but three inches long, yet it can kill a man six feet high.
The further you get into technology, the further you go into gaming. That\'s the general rule.
Analysis gave me great freedom of emotions and fantastic confidence. I felt I had served my time as a puppet.
Reason obeys itself; and ignorance submits to whatever is dictated to it.
I would have given my own life if I could have undone the killing of white men by my people.
All good books have one thing in common - they are truer than if they had really happened.
Instead of concentrating on eliminating the negative, concentrate on creating something positive.
Example is leadership.
Here he lies where he longed to be;Home is the sailor, home from sea,and the hunter home from the hill.
Physical deformity, calls forth our charity. But the infinite misfortune of moral deformity calls forth nothing but hatred and vengeance.
Don\'t flatter yourself that friendship authorizes you to say disagreeable things to your intimates. The nearer you come into relation with a person, the more necessary do tact and courtesy become.
Repression will provoke rebellion.
God is not kind to those who are not kind to others.
A sweetheart is a bottle of wine, a wife is a wine bottle.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
My speaking style was criticised by no less an authority than Arnold Schwarzenegger. It was a low moment, my friends, to have my rhetorical skills denounced by a monosyllabic Austrian cyborg.
Do I believe in Heaven and Hell? I do, we have them here; the world is nothing else.
O Lord! thou knowest how busy I must be this day: if I forget thee, do not thou forget me.
Keep your eyes open to your mercies. The man who forgets to be thankful has fallen asleep in life.
Great art is the contempt of a great man for small art.
Surveys have shown going back as far as you and I can remember that people have perceived a leftward tilt in the basic coverage that they get on TV news.
I was a victim of a series of accidents, as are we all.
You must take personal responsibility. You cannot change the circumstances, the seasons, or the wind, but you can change yourself. That is something you have charge of.
Mistrust first impulses; they are nearly always good.
Love is being stupid together.
How wrong is it for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself?
I started after him...and the clown looked back. I saw Its eyes and all at once I understood who It was.<BR>Who was it Don Harold Gardner asked softly.<BR>It was Derry Don Hagarty said. It was this town. 
Real friendship is a slow grower and never thrives unless engrafted upon a stock of known and reciprocal merit.
Censure is often useful, praise often deceitful.
Nothing goes so well with a hot fire and buttered crumpets as a wet day without and a good dose of comfortable horrors within. The heavier the lashing of the rain and the ghastlier the details the better the flavour seems to be. 
There are moments when all anxiety and stated toil are becalmed in the infinite leisure and repose of nature.
The superior man is slow in his words and earnest in his conduct.
Without music to decorate it, time is just a bunch of boring production deadlines or dates by which bills must be paid.
God loveth a cheerful giver. 2 Corinthians 9:7
We are not wounded so deeply when betrayed by the things we hope for as when betrayed by things we try our best to despise.<BR>In such betrayal comes the dagger in the back. 
Immature love says: \'I love you because I need you.\' Mature love says \'I need you because I love you.\'
Put your head down and work as hard as you can because there is always someone better out there.
We have our own history, our own language, our own culture. But our destiny is also tied up with the destinies of other people - history has made us all South Africans.
Theres just some days when it all seems to be wrong and nothing feels right.
Live with intention.  Walk to the edge.  Listen Hard.  Practice wellness.  Play with abandon.  Laugh.  Choose with no regret.  Appreciate your friends.  Continue to learn.  Do what you love.  Live as if this is all there is.
The shortest distance between two people is laughter.
Sometimes you just need someone who will listen to you.
Violence is the first refuge of the violent.
We make way for the man who boldly pushes past us.
What our country really needs most are those things which money cannot buy.
ABBREVIATION OF MOTHER: M:MOST O:ORIGNAL T:TOPCLASS H:HONOURABLE E:EXCELLENT R:RESPECTABLE
An image is not simply a trademark, a design, a slogan or an easily remembered picture. It is a studiously crafted personality profile of an individual, institution, corporation, product or service.
All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire.
I am sure that if the mothers of various nations could meet, there would be no more wars.
Fear tends to manifest itself much more quickly than greed, so volatile markets tend to be on the downside. In up markets, volatility tends to gradually decline.
The people who were honored in the Bible were the false prophets. It was the ones we call the prophets who were jailed and driven into the desert, and so on.
To live we must conquer incessantly, we must have the courage to be happy.
A small man can be just as exhausted as a great man.
A good swordsman is not given to quarrel.
We live in a world of things, and our only connection with them is that we know how to manipulate or to consume them.
A day will come when the world will celebrate your name, your fame, your personality and your views. But April Fool comes once in a year and that your day. :)
Life becomes romantic when someone start looking silently but life becomes more romantic when somone start reading those eyes.
Feeling a little blue in January is normal.
A girls knows her limits but a wise girl knows she has none.
Egypt is not a country we live in but a country that lives within us.
The visionary starts with a clean sheet of paper, and re-imagines the world.
I like me Italian girls; half Halle Berry, half Penelope Cruz sort of thing!
I did not tell half of what I saw, for I knew I would not be believed.
Many a man thinks he is buying pleasure, when he is really selling himself to it.
The ways to knowledge are multitudinous-the way to understanding is devious.
He speaks to Me as if I was a public meeting.
Life is the dynamic, creative edge of reality.
A pair of powerful spectacles has sometimes sufficed to cure a person in love.
The success of great scholars and thinkers is commonly a courtier-like success, not kingly, not manly.
The second fiddle. I can get plenty of first violinists, but to find someone who can play the second fiddle with enthusiasm
Technology is just a tool. In terms of getting the kids working together and motivating them, the teacher is the most important.
The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.
I suspect the secret of personal attraction is locked up in our unique imperfections, flaws and frailties.
Wife: honey I want you to whisper dirty things in my ear! Husband: kitchen, room, dinning room, patio.
Childhood is the sleep of reason.
Yes, I definitely believe that it has some good cross-platform properties. Object orientation was one of the techniques I used to make Python platform independent.
Take away paradox from the thinker and you have a professor.
A work of art has no importance whatever to society. It is only important to the individual.
Its not how tragically we suffer but how miracously we live.
If you want to read about love and marriage, you have to buy two separate books.
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble.
He who lives only to benefit himself confers on the world a benefit when he dies.
Scratch a dog and you\'ll find a permanent job.
For me, insanity is super sanity. The normal is psychotic. Normal means lack of imagination, lack of creativity.
The worst cliques are those which consist of one man.
It was bloody difficult getting followed around all the time.
I am just absolutely convinced that the best formula for giving us peace and preserving the American way of life is freedom, limited government, and minding our own business overseas.
In addition to my other numerous acquaintances, I have one more intimate confidant. My depression is the most faithful mistress I have known -- no wonder, then, that I return the love.
American literature has never been content to be just one among the many literatures of the Western World. It has always aspired to be the literature not only of a new continent but of a New World.
I want people to look at a checkerboard and think of me!
Life is like a mirror: Itll smile at you if you smile at it
As human beings, we are endowed with freedom of choice, and we cannot shuffle off our responsibility upon the shoulders of God or nature. We must shoulder it ourselves. It is our responsibility.
England and America are two countries separated by the same language.
What you get in life is what you have the courage to ask for.
The tendency of taxation is to create a class of persons who do not labor, to take from those who do labor the produce of that labor, and to give it to those who do not labor.
The primary and most beautiful of Nature\'s qualities is motion, which agitates her at all times, but this motion is simply a perpetual consequence of crimes, she conserves it by means of crimes only.
There are two great pleasures in gambling: that of winning and that of losing.
Look back, and smile on perils past.
I think that Benjamin Franklin felt very strongly in foreign policy in this world, that you needed to at least show some humility, especially when you were strong.
You cant change the truth, but the truth can change you.
Admiration is a very short-lived passion that immediately decays upon growing familiar with its object, unless it be still fed with fresh discoveries, and kept alive by a new perpetual succession of miracles rising up to its view.
If someone was to write a story about my life the climax would be when I met you.
A psychiatrist is a fellow who asks you a lot of expensive questions your wife asks for nothing
The greatest of all sins is stupidity.
We know what a person thinks not when he tells us what he thinks, but by his actions.
A total commitment is paramount to reaching the ultimate in performance.
We know that, when it comes to technology and the economy, if you\'re not constantly moving forward, then - without a doubt - you\'re moving backwards.
A market is never saturated with a good product, but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one.
Follow the path of the unsafe, independent thinker. Expose your ideas to the danger of controversy. Speak your mind and fear less the label of crackpot than the stigma of conformity.
If the choice were made, one for us to lose our sovereignty and become a member of the Commonwealth or remain with our sovereignty and lose the membership of the Commonwealth, I would say let the Commonwealth go.
Every invalid is a physician.
Deeds, not stones, are the true monuments of the great.
In darkness, the stone becomes the buffalo.
Not by wrath does one kill, but by laughter.
Change occurs in direct proportion to dissatisfaction, but dissatisfaction never changes.
Be kind and considerate to others, depending somewhat upon who they are.
We have now sunk to a depth at which restatement of the obvious is the first duty of intelligent men.
For to be free is not merely to cast off ones chains but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others. 
Friendship that flows from the heart cannot be frozen by adversity, as the water that flows from the spring cannot congeal in winter.
They might in the future more than ever before engage in hunting beavers.
There is no victory at bargain basement prices.
Nothing is impossible for pure love.
If religion were true, its followers would not try to bludgeon their young into an artificial conformity; but would merely insist on their unbending quest for truth, irrespective of artificial backgrounds or practical consequences.
Getting old is not for sissies.
As flies to wanton boys, are we to the gods;They kill us for their sport.
The wise man knows how to run his life so that contemplation is Possible.
Women share with men the need for personal success, even the taste of power, and no longer are we willing to satisfy those needs through the achievements of surrogates, whether husbands, children, or merely role models.
He who bestows his goods upon the poor shall have as much again, and ten times more.
I once said, We will bury you, and I got into trouble with it. Of course we will not bury you with a shovel. Your own working class will bury you.
If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience.
Management is about arranging and telling. Leadership is about nurturing and enhancing.
Forward, as occasion offers. Never look round to see whether any shall note it... Be satisfied with success in even the smallest matter, and think that even such a result is no trifle.
I have come to the conclusion never again to think of marrying, and for this reason, I can never be satisfied with anyone who would be blockhead enough to have me.
When men attempt bold gestures, generally it\'s considered romantic. When women do it, it\'s often considered desperate or psycho.
Daily life is governed by an economic system in which the production and consumption of insults tends to balance out.
The nation that destroys its soil destroys itself.
I grew up believing my sister was from the planet Neptune and had been sent down to Earth to kill me.
Hope is the worst of evils, for it prolongs the torment of man.
Every great man is always being helped by everybody; for his gift is to get good out of all things and all persons.
Extinction is the rule, survival is the exception.
Nobody is going to delegate a lot of power to a secretary that they can\'t control.
I love how summer just wraps it’s arms around you like a warm blanket.
Surely something resides in this heart that is not perishable - and life is more than a dream.
A fact in itself is nothing. It is valuable only for the idea attached to it, or for the proof which it furnishes.
Conscience is thoroughly well-bred and soon leaves off talking to those who do not wish to hear it.
Give me a child for the first seven years, and you may do what you like with him afterwards.
Never make someone a priority when all you are to them is an option.
Five exclamation marks, the sure sign of an insane mind.
The optimist thinks that this is the best of all possible worlds; the pessimist knows it.
Science and art are only too often a superior kind of dope, possessing this advantage over booze and morphia: that they can be indulged in with a good conscience and with the conviction that, in the process of indulging, one is leading the higher life
Grab the broom of anger and drive off the beast of fear.
Time is the cruelest teacher, first she gives the test, then teaches the lesson
There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship.
Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?
Cruelty is one fashion statement we can all do without.
Marriage is a gamble, let\'s be honest.
God promises a safe landing, not a calm passage.
The valiant never taste of death but once.
We need to internalize this idea of excellence. Not many folks spend a lot of time trying to be excellent.
The book is there for inspiration and as a foundation, the fundamentals on which to build.
Excess of grief for the dead is madness; for it is an injury to the living, and the dead know it not.
Where gold speaks every tongue is silent.
Cinema, radio, television, magazines are a school of inattention: people look without seeing, listen in without hearing.
When I was young, I observed that nine out of ten things I did were failures. So I did ten times more work.
I not only use all the brains I have but all I can borrow.
Martin Luther King, Jr. didn\'t carry just a piece of cloth to symbolize his belief in racial equality; he carried the American flag.
From the end spring new beginnings.
Bigotry or prejudice in any form is more than a problem; it is a deep-seated evil within our society.
I ran and ran and ran every day, and I acquired this sense of determination, this sense of spirit that I would never, never give up, no matter what else happened.
The monotony and solitude of a quiet life stimulates the creative mind.
Thank God for little miracles, right?
Seeds of great discoveries are constantly floating around us, but they only take root in minds well prepared to receive them.
Everyday is a second chance
We are one, after all, you and I. Together we suffer, together exist, and forever will recreate each other.
I hate show business.
If you do big things they print your face, and if you do little things they print only your thumbs.
There can be no profit in the making or selling of things to be destroyed in war. Men may think that they have such profit, but in the end the profit will turn out to be a loss.
The ideal attitude is to be physically loose and mentally tight.
Advertising is the life of trade.
A brand is a voice and a product is a souvenir.
You find me at work; excuse the dust on my blouse. I sculpt my marble myself.
Read every day something no one else is reading. Think something no one else is thinking. It is bad for the mind to be always a part of unanimity.
The best business plans are straightforward documents that spell out the who, what, where, why, and how much...
Music is the refuge of souls ulcerated by happiness.
I believe I am the highest power, absolutely.
Many hands make light work.
Full circle.  A new terror born in death, a new superstition entering the unassailable fortress of forever.  I am legend.
We can have in life but one great experience at best, and the secret of life is to reproduce that experience as often as possible.
The greatest strength is gentleness.
In the business of politics, emotions and productive dissatisfaction with the world in which we live today are gradually being covered up by the minutiae of ordinary life.
There are heroes in evil as well as in good.
No one will deny that the excessive use of alcohol and alcoholic beverages would do more than any other single factor to make impossible a total war effort.
Great people are they who see that spiritual is stronger than any material force, that thoughts rule the world.
When men speak ill of thee, live so as nobody may believe them.
In order to rally people, governments need enemies... if they do not have a real enemy, they will invent one in order to mobilize us.
Love alone is capable of uniting living beings in such a way as to complete and fulfill them, for it alone takes them and joins them by what is deepest in themselves.
Kill me wid di cocky. Kill me wid di tightness.
Sports is the toy department of human life.
Is not dread of thirst when your well is full, the thirst that is unquenchable?
I take rejection as someone blowing a bugle in my ear to wake me up and get going, rather than retreat.
Human curiosity, the urge to know, is a powerful force and is perhaps the best secret weapon of all in the struggle to unravel the workings of the natural world.
It is easier to stay out than get out.
Save a boyfriend for a rainy day - and another, in case it doesn\'t rain.
Beneficence is a duty; and he who frequently practices it, and sees his benevolent intentions realized comes, at length, really to love him to whom he has done good.
I hate to lose more than I love to win.
One definition of man is an intelligence served by organs.
The man of petty ambition if invited to dinner will be eager to be set next his host.
All happy families resemble one another, each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol.
I planned my success. I knew it was going to happen.
I am beautiful, famous and gorgeous.
Hope is the denial of reality. It is the carrot dangled before the draft horse to keep him plodding along in a vain attempt to reach it.
I think perfect objectivity is an unrealistic goal; fairness, however, is not.
Politics have no relation to morals.
If anything is sacred the human body is sacred.
Baseball is like church. Many attend few understand.
Riches are not an end of life, but an instrument of life.
Think where man\'s glory most begins and ends, and say my glory was I had such friends.
Energy will do anything that can be done in the world; and no talents, no circumstances, no opportunities will make a two-legged animal a man without it.
If I seem to boast more than is becoming, my excuse is that I brag for humanity rather than for myself.
Twilight, a timid, fawn, went glimmering by, and Night, the dark-blue hunter, followed fast.
Even in India the Hindi film industry might be the best known but there are movies made in other regional languages in India, be it Tamil or Bengali. Those experiences too are different from the ones in Bombay.
I do not believe in the collective wisdom of individual ignorance.
Life is made up of sobs, sniffles and smiles, with sniffles predominating.
Chance favors those in motion.
The anvil of justice is planted firm, and fate who makes the sword does the forging in advance.
The moon is not shamed by the barking of dogs.
An expert is someone who knows a lot about the past.
Out of moderation a pure happiness springs.
The secret of freedom, courage.
When you make a promise, keep it.
You are the embodiment of the information you choose to accept and act upon. To change your circumstances you need to change your thinking and subsequent actions.
Many individuals have, like uncut diamonds, shining qualities beneath a rough exterior.
The old believe everything; the middle aged suspect everything, and the young know everything.
Death is a fearful thing.
The joke of our time is the suicide of intention.
Politics makes me sick.
My ultimate life dream project is my kids. My family.
What makes life dreary is the want of a motive.
But meanwhile time flies; it flies never to be regained.
Everything comes if a man will only wait.
Fame and tranquility can never be bedfellows.
Consider the momentous event in architecture when the wall parted and the column became.
Ability wins us the esteem of the true men; luck that of the people.
I have noticed that nothing I have never said ever did me any harm.
Like the physical, the psychical is not necessarily in reality what it appears to us to be.
A battery of field artillery is worth a thousand muskets.
I am as my creator made me and since He is satisfied, so am I.
Change can either challenge or threaten us. Your beliefs pave your way to success or block you.
A lie has no leg, but a scandal has wings.
Culture is the tacit agreement to let the means of subsistence disappear behind the purpose of existence. Civilization is the subordination of the latter to the former.
Never be ashamed of what you feel. You have the right to feel any emotion that you want, and to do what makes you happy.
The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone but the things you do for others remain as your legacy. 
The day I understood everything was the day I stopped trying to figure everything out. The day I knew peace was the day I let everything go. 
Different strokes, for different folks.
Though familiarity may not breed contempt, it takes off the edge of admiration.
Like all of us, we have pretty serious mood swings.
There were two sides to David Lean: on the one side, he was kind of a rather stiff, disciplined Englishman. And then he had this kind of romantic side to him. I think being true to both sides of your nature is important.
Open the door to me, as I have opened myself for you.
The tigers of wrath are wiser than the horses of instruction.
Trouble is the next best thing to enjoyment. There is no fate in the world so horrible as to have no share in either its joys or sorrows.
I have a very strong feeling that the opposite of love is not hate - it\'s apathy. It\'s not giving a damn.
Politics ought to be the part-time profession of every citizen who would protect the rights and privileges of free people and who would preserve what is good and fruitful in our national heritage.
Once upon a time loss of love rejection weakness and loss of territory all meant death. Now it just feels that way. 
You can learn little from victory. You can learn everything from defeat.
In fact, the mere act of opening the box will determine the state of the  cat, although in this case there were three determinate states the cat  could be in: these being Alive, Dead, and Bloody Furious.
I want you to be concerned about your next door neighbor. Do you know your next door neighbor?
Statistics are no substitute for judgment.
I used to believe that anything was better than nothing. Now I know that sometimes nothing is better.
Anyone who thinks the sky is the limit, has limited imagination.
Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops.
The city is not a concrete jungle, it is a human zoo.
It is in our idleness, in our dreams, that the submerged truth sometimes comes to the top.
Man need not be degraded to a machine by being denied to be a ghost in a machine.
Light makes photography. Embrace light. Admire it. Love it. But above all, know light. Know it for all you are worth, and you will know the key to photography.
A pound of pluck is worth a ton of luck.
Good tests kill flawed theories; we remain alive to guess again.
No student ever attains very eminent success by simply doing what is required of him: it is the amount and excellence of what is over and above the required, that determines the greatness of ultimate distinction.
The attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941 completely crippled our Pacific Fleet.
In the mythic schema of all relations between men and women, man proposes, and woman is disposed of.
I was supposed to act breezy but my fingertips are shaking and my heart wont stop its rapid beating.<BR>Im giving in. I cannot cave. 
The more money the louder it talks.
Bereavement is a darkness impenetrable to the imagination of the unbereaved.
The psychology of brutality was worse than the beatings.
Nobody travels on the road to success without a puncture or two.
Almost all quality improvement comes via simplification of design, manufacturing... layout, processes, and procedures.
Belief is a beautiful armor but it makes for the heaviest sword. 
The growth and development of people is the highest calling of leadership.
Spaghetti can be eaten most successfully if you inhale it like a vacuum cleaner.
The American ideal, after all, is that everyone should be as much alike as possible.
If God has allowed me to earn so much money, it is because He knows I give it all away.
The true teacher defends his pupils against his own personal influence. He inspires self-trust. He guides their eyes from himself to the spirit that quickens him. He will have no disciples.
Strive not with your superiors in argument, but always submit your judgment to others with modesty.
Cowards can never be moral.
Every little lie you lie brings us closer to goodbye.
The ordinary man with extraordinary power is the chief danger for mankind - not the fiend or the sadist.
Where a blood relation sobs, an intimate friend should choke up, a distant acquaintance should sigh, a stranger should merely fumble sympathetically with his handkerchief.
When strangers start acting like neighbors... communities are reinvigorated.
Every now and then when your life gets complicated and the weasels start closing in, the only cure is to load up on heinous chemicals and then drive like a bastard from Hollywood to Las Vegas ... with the music at top volume and at least a pint of ether.
The tragic case of Terri Schiavo in Florida highlights the importance of making our health-care wishes known.
Poetry is not only dream and vision; it is the skeleton architecture of our lives. It lays the foundations for a future of change, a bridge across our fears of what has never been before.
Gratitude is the fruit of great cultivation; you do not find it among gross people.
I am Maradona, who makes goals, who makes mistakes. I can take it all, I have shoulders big enough to fight with everybody.
There is a pride in speaking this language.
No one can confidently say that he will still be living tomorrow.
For all of you who gossip about me: Thanks for making me the center of your world.
Beauty lies within the soul and should always be set freetake a glimpse at love so true and purefound only.......within me
One of the most courageous things you can do is identify yourself, know who you are, what you believe in and where you want to go.
The feeling remains that God is on the journey, too.
Care and diligence bring luck.
Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed.
Many are destined to reason wrongly; others, not to reason at all; and others, to persecute those who do reason.
Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes.
I wept when I was born, and every day shows why.
The more the schemata are differentiated, the smaller the gap between the new and the familiar becomes, so that novelty, instead of constituting an annoyance avoided by the subject, becomes a problem and invites searching.
Our clear goal must be the advancement of the white race and separation of the white and black races. This goal must include freeing of the American media and government from subservient Jewish interests.
Our deeds still travel with us from afar, and what we have been makes us what we are.
The atmosphere of orthodoxy is always damaging to prose, and above all it is completely ruinous to the novel, the most anarchical of all forms of literature.
Arrange Whatever pieces come your way.
The time has come, the walrus said, to talk of many things: Of shoes and ships - and sealing wax - of cabbages and kings
If we had failed to pursue the facts as far as they led, we would have denied the public any knowledge of an unprecedented scheme of political surveillance and sabotage.
Healing is a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity.
Never let what you are, but change who you are.
Really I don\'t like human nature unless all candied over with art.
Whats real doesnt fade away.
Man is always prey to his truths. Once he has admitted them, he cannot free himself from them.
I remember looking in the mirror and telling myself how ugly i was. I felt so disgusted with myself.
One should never trust a woman who tells one her real age. A woman who would tell one that would tell one anything.
Children pay little attention to their parents teachings but reproduce their characters faithfully 
If you want to be happy , be happiness is not something to find, its something to create.. create your own happiness
What happens is not as important as how you react to what happens.
I love my relationship with my bed. No commitment needed. We just sleep together every night.
If we had not spoken to strangers, we would not have had any friends in life at all. Amazing but true!!
Whoever cannot seek the unforeseen sees nothing for the known way is an impasse.
What takes place in the Security Council more closely resembles a mugging than either a political debate or an effort at problem-solving.
Não sou esnobe; eu simplesmente não estou interessado no que a maioria das pessoas tem pra dizer, ou no que elas desejam fazer - principalmente com o meu tempo
Honest differences of views and honest debate are not disunity. They are the vital process of policy-making among free men.
Before I go to sleep, I imagine you are by my side.
There cannot be greater rudeness than to interrupt another in the current of his discourse.
Love and doubt have never been on speaking terms.
It is curious how vanity helps the successful man and wrecks the failure.
She got her looks from her father. He\'s a plastic surgeon.
Temperament lies behind mood; behind will, lies the fate of character. Then behind both, the influence of family the tyranny of culture; and finally the power of climate and environment; and we are free, only to the extent we rise above these.
Ignorance is a form of environmental pollution.
Some people will believe anything if you whisper it to them.
Selfishness makes Christmas a burden, love makes it a delight.
Today I need lots of luck. Fingers and toes and legs and eyes crossed. I really need you to concentrate for me. I think it may be working..
The Good Humor man can only be pushed so far.
There is no heaven like mutual love.
My most important professional accomplishment to date is the ability to keep working with absolutely no skills whatsoever.
If you miss someone, that means you are lucky. It means you had someone special in your life, someone worth missing.
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it gives the future a chance
A novel is a mirror walking along a main road.
Innocence most often is a good fortune and not a virtue.
Life is a game, you can be a player or a toy.
If you want to be sad, live in the past. If you want to be anxious, live in the future. If you want to be peaceful, live in the NOW.
We are given to the cult of personality; when things go badly we look to some messiah to save us. If by chance we think we have found one, it will not be long before we destroy him.
France is a place where the money falls apart in your hands but you cannot tear the toilet paper.
What is not fully understood is not possessed.
People pay for what they do, and still more for what they have allowed themselves to become. And they pay for it very simply; by the lives they lead.
My imagination is a monastery and I am its monk.
From the very fountain of enchantment there arises a taste of bitterness to spread anguish amongst the flowers.
I dress to kill, but tastefully.
What is here is also there; what is there, is also here. Who sees multiplicity but not the one indivisible Self must wander on and on from death to death.
To learn to read is to light a fire; every syllable that is spelled out is a spark.
In the realm of ideas, everything depends on enthusiasm; in the real world, all rests on perseverance.
Forgive my grief for one removed  Thy creature whom I found so fair  I trust he lives in Thee and there  I find him worthier to be loved.
History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all other alternatives.
Broken people are dangerous because they know they can survive
A state always calls itself fatherland when it is ready for murder.
Dancing with abandon, turning a tango into a fertility rite.
Real generosity toward the future lies in giving all to the present.
The great gift of conversation lies less in displaying it ourselves than in drawing it out of others. He who leaves your company pleased with himself and his own cleverness is perfectly well pleased with you.
The search for static security -- in the law and elsewhere -- is misguided. The fact is security can only be achieved through constant change, adapting old ideas that have outlived their usefulness to current facts.
Whichever party is in office, the Treasury is in power.
The maintenance man is moving the thermostat in our office today. I started talking with him about the
A religion, old or new, that stressed the magnificence of the universe as revealed by modern science might be able to draw forth reserves of reverence and awe hardly tapped by conventional faiths. Sooner or later such a religion will emerge.
We fail far more often by timidity than by over-daring.
Life is a predicament which precedes death.
They died hard, those savage men - like wounded wolves at bay. They were filthy, and they were lousy, and they stunk. And I loved them.
Acting for me is not that quid pro quo.
I have written a wicked book, and feel spotless as the lamb.
Soul is about authenticity. Soul is about finding the things in your life that are real and pure.
No good deed goes unpunished.
Ah, summer, what power you have to make us suffer and like it.
A true teacher defends his students against his own personal influences.
What is now proved was only once imagined.
Me, poor man, my library  Was dukedom large enough.
It is hard to free fools from the chains they revere.
We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy.
To be good is noble; but to show others how to be good is nobler and no trouble.
Enjoy the little things in life, for someday you will realize they were the big things.
I was about half in love with her by the time we sat down. That\'s the thing about girls. Every time they do something pretty... you fall half in love with them, and then you never know where the hell you are.
Never esteem anything as of advantage to you that will make you break your word or lose your self-respect.
... Chicago divided your heart. Leaving you loving the joint for keeps. Yet knowing it never can love you.
This is the patent age of new inventions for killing bodies, and for saving souls. All propagated with the best intentions.
Confusion has seized us, and all things go wrong, The women have leaped from their spheres,And, instead of fixed stars, shoot as comets along,And are setting the world by the ears!
In hindsight, I slid into arrogance based upon past success.
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.
It is better to be defeated on principle than to win on lies.
I do remember actually learning chords to Beatles songs. I thought they were great songwriters.
I was born to play baseball.
It has long been a grave question whether any government, not too strong for the liberties of its people, can be strong enough to maintain its existence in great emergencies.
But, good my brother, do not, as some ungracious pastors do. Show me the steep and thorny way to heaven whilst like a puffed and reckless libertine himself the primrose path of dalliance treads and recks not his own rede.
I beg you to speak of Woman as you do of the Negro, speak of her as a human being, as a citizen of the United States, as a half of the people in whose hands lies the destiny of this Nation.
Belief is the wound that knowledge heals.
We are not intimidated by the size of the armies, or the type of hardware the US has brought.
Glory paid to our ashes comes too late.
In hatred as in love, we grow like the thing we brood upon. What we loathe, we graft into our very soul.
Yet who would have thought the old man to have had so much blood in him?
That aesthetic of the Star Wars universe: the do-it-yourself, hotrod ethic that George Lucas exported from his childhood, is exactly the same kind of soul behind what we do and build for the show. It may not look pretty, but it gets the job done.
Really to sin you have to be serious about it.
Freedom is what you do with whats been done to you. 
Ideas are the roots of creation.
Prejudice is a great time saver. You can form opinions without having to get the facts.
People won\'t have time for you if you are always angry or complaining.
People count the faults of those who keep them waiting.
Optimism - the doctrine or belief that everything is beautiful, including what is ugly.
When an individual is kept in a situation of inferiority, the fact is that he does become inferior.
walang pakielam ang tao sa katotohanan sa tsismis lang sila interisado 
When thou seest an eagle, thou seest a portion of genius; lift up thy head!
The genius of impeachment lay in the fact that it could punish the man without punishing the office.
Poke me now if youve ever had a crush on me..
I am passionate about God, about Jesus, and what His influences do to me.
War is never economically beneficial except for those in position to profit from war expenditures.
The king reigns but does not govern.
I prefer liberty with danger to peace with slavery.
My mom didn\'t let me play video games growing up, so now I do. Gaming gives me a chance to just let go, blow somebody up and fight somebody from another dimension. It\'s all escapism.
The stoical scheme of supplying our wants by lopping off our desires, is like cutting off our feet when we want shoes.
No matter how far a person can go the horizon is still way beyond you.
All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope.
The most virtuous are those who content themselves with being virtuous without seeking to appear so.
Time tries truth.
Patience is bitter, but its fruits are sweet.
You hit home runs not by chance but by preparation.
Let me clarify this very definitely. This is not an authoritarian organization.
If a man be endowed with a generous mind, this is the best kind of nobility.
He wrapped himself in quotations-as a beggar would enfold himself in the purple of emperors.
Remember that you are an Englishman, and have consequently won first prize in the lottery of life.
Time has a wonderful way of showing us what really matters.
Everyone deserves a second chance, even the ones who didnt deserve the first.
My face is my passport.
He who dares to teach must never cease to learn.
Sometimes dreams really do come true.
Tradition is a guide and not a jailer.
Be a life long or short, its completeness depends on what it was lived for.
Death is the sound of distant thunder at a picnic.
Have you ever thought of someone and then realized you were smiling the whole time? :)
A man may be a heretic in the truth; and if he believe things only because his pastor says so, or the assembly so determines, without knowing other reason, though his belief be true, yet the very truth he holds becomes his heresy.
There are no desperate situations, there are only desperate people.
Forgiveness is choosing to love. It is the first skill of self-giving love.
Everywhere, we learn only from those whom we love.
If two people were exactly alike, one of them would be unnecessary.
Many a man fails as an original thinker simply because his memory it too good.
Iron rusts from disuse, stagnant water loses its purity, and in cold weather becomes frozen; even so does inaction sap the vigors of the mind.
We are a conquering race. We must obey our blood and occupy new markets and if necessary new lands.
In order to change the world, you have to get your head together first.
When the stomach is full, it is easy to talk of fasting.
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
Man is so inconsistent a creature that it is impossible to reason from his beliefs to his conduct, or from one part of his belief to another.
The trouble with born-again Christians is that they are an even bigger pain the second time around.
A lion\'s work hours are only when he\'s hungry; once he\'s satisfied, the predator and prey live peacefully together.
Whoever serves his country well has no need of ancestors.
Due to the political nature of film, partisan film making, especially where the subject is close to the film makers hart, tend to be the norm, rather than the exception.
Faced with what is right, to leave it undone shows a lack of courage.
Wisdom is the principal thing; therefore get wisdom; and with all your getting get understanding.
Architecture is inhabited sculpture.
A smile is a sign of joy, a hug is a sign of love, a laugh is a sign of happiness and a friend like me. Well thats a sign of good taste.
Carpe per diem - seize the check.
Courage conquers all things: it even gives strength to the body.
No matter how much you have hurt me, I still pray for you every night.
God Gives every bird its food, But he does not throw it into its nest.
To be rooted is perhaps the most important and least recognized need of the human soul.
It is the mark of a truly intelligent person to be moved by statistics.
Harsh words hurt feelings but silence breaks hearts.
From time waste there can be no salvage. It is the easiest of all waste and the hardest to correct because it does not litter the floor.
He that seeks trouble never misses.
Keep every promise you make and only make promises you can keep.
Friendship is a language spoken by heart, not written on paper, it is a promise on this promise day, to renewed every time we keep in touch. Happy Promise Day!
False face must hide what the false heart does know.
The discovery of agriculture was the first big step toward a civilized life.
We stand united, facing the big responsibility to change our country into a nation of justice, solidarity, humanity and green development.
I think luck falls on not just the brave but also the ones who believe they belong there.
Problems are the price you pay for progress.
I was listening to Jimi Hendrix; I just admire his artistry and creativity as an artist.
Men of action are favored by the Goddess of luck.
Integrate what you believe in every single area of your life. Take your heart to work and ask the most and best of everybody else, too.
There cannot be peaceful coexistence in the ideological realm. Peaceful coexistence corrupts.
The first requisite of civilization is that of justice.
Most of the things you worry about never happen.
Individualism is rather like innocence; there must be something unconscious about it.
Is it not strange that desire should so many years outlive performance?
Secrecy is the chastity of friendship.
An open enemy is better than a false friend.<strong></strong>
Surely the fact that a uniformed police officer is wearing his hair below his collar will make him no less identifiable as a policeman.
Diaper backward spells repaid.  Think about it.
I love studying Ancient History and seeing how empires rise and fall, sowing the seeds of their own destruction.
He is a good man whom fortune makes better.
Miracles do not, in fact, break the laws of nature.
Nothing is so difficult as not deceiving oneself.
Sports serve society by providing vivid examples of excellence.
Time has no meaning in itself unless we choose to give it significance.
The library is inhabited by spirits that come out of the pages at night.
There is also a natural and very, very strong empathy with the underdog, with people who have suffered, people who have been pushed around by foreigners in particular, but also by their own people.
Sex alleviates tension. Love causes it.
We do not want to live in a theocracy. We should maintain that barrier and government has no business telling someone what they ought to believe or how they should conduct their private lives.
When affection only speaks, truth is not always there.
America, to me, is freedom.
I dont know much about algebra but what i do know is you plus me equals forever.
Life without idealism is empty indeed. We just hope or starve to death.
The herd instinct among forecasters makes sheep look like independent thinkers.
I had some big ups and downs when I was in my 20s and the one thing I learned was, no matter how low it gets, something good will come along - something always comes out of that dark period.
The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding.
Custom, then, is the great guide of human life.
I am against marriage, and I don\'t give a fig for society.
Titles are but nicknames, and every nickname is a title.
Marriage is not just spiritual communion, it is also remembering to take out the trash.
The secret of success is sincerity.
For every moment of triumph, for every instance of beauty, many souls must be trampled.
The ultimate end of human acts is eudaimonia, happiness in the sense of living well, which all men desire; all acts are but different means chosen to arrive at it.
People say I have a dirty mind But I say its just creative
You never monkey with the truth.
What is told into the ear of a man is often heard a hundred miles away.
Religion is a candle inside a multicolored lantern. Everyone looks through a particular color, but the candle is always there.
Being noticed can be a burden. Jesus got himself crucified because he got himself noticed. So I disappear a lot.
Lands of great discoveries are also lands of great injustices.
Sometimes the hardest person to face, is the one staring back at you from your mirror.
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself.
The road to freedom must be uphill, even if it is arduous and frustrating.
The gigantic shadows which futurity casts upon the present.
Adversity has ever been considered the state in which a man most easily becomes acquainted with himself, then, especially, being free from flatterers.
Until we meet again, may the good Lord take a liking to you.
Some people see more in a walk around the block than others see in a trip around the world.
If I have to apply five turns to the screw each day for the happiness of Argentina, I will do it.
Everything will line up perfectly when knowing and living the truth becomes more important than looking good.
The life of the nation is secure only while the nation is honest, truthful, and virtuous.
Trouble in a relationship starts when a man gets so busy earning his that he forgets his sugar.
You must give up the life you planned in order to have the life that is waiting for you.  
The cleverest of all, in my opinion, is the man who calls himself a fool at least once a month.
A friend who is far away is sometimes much nearer than one who is at hand. Is not the mountain far more awe-inspiring and more clearly visible to one passing through the valley than to those who inhabit the mountain?
Did you ever just want to slap the stupid out of someone?
You have to expect that if you cuss out the world, The world is going to cuss back.
It is better to do the wrong thing that to do      nothing.
If we are to have magical bodies, we must have magical minds.
Fortune knocks but once, but misfortune has much more patience.
I would hope they would be our fellow artists, rather than trying to emulate or idolize clowns like us.
The poorest way to face life is to face it with a sneer.
Seest thou a man diligent in his business? He shall stand before kings; he shall not stand before mean men.
Motion is tranquility.
A lot of history is just dirty politics cleaned up for the consumption of children and other innocents.
There has to be evil so that good can prove its purity above it.
If the shoe doesn\'t fit, must we change the foot?
The man who insists upon seeing with perfect clearness before he decides, never decides. Accept life, and you must accept regret.
As you think, so shall you become.
It\'s time to move on to the next step in the psychedelic revolution. We\'ve reached a certain point, but we\'re not moving any more.
Time is the scarcest resource of the manager; If it is not managed, nothing else can be managed
The age of chivalry is past. Bores have succeeded to dragons.
War is an ugly thing, but not the ugliest of things. The decayed and degraded state of moral and patriotic feeling which thinks that nothing is worth war is much worse.
Books - the best antidote against the marsh-gas of boredom and vacuity
Although the dream is a very strange phenomenon and an inexplicable mystery, far more inexplicable is the mystery and aspect our minds confer on certain objects and aspects of life.
Capitalism is a social system based on the recognition of individual rights, including property rights, in which all property is privately owned.
I think to close half of Magic Kingdom for the purpose of a White House invitation town hall meeting on a phony main street on behalf of a phony president just strikes me as weird.
As photographs give people an imaginary possession of a past that is unreal, they also help people to take possession of space in which they are insecure.
Our favorite holding period is forever.
All wars are civil wars, because all men are brothers.
The suspense is terrible, I hope it will last.
Secrets, silent, stony sit in the dark palaces of both our hearts: secrets weary of their tyranny: tyrants willing to be dethroned.
We ask advice but we mean approbation.
The heights of popularity and patriotism are still the beaten road to power and tyranny.
Those who trust us educate us.
Genius is nothing but continued attention.
Civilization is a limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
I enjoyed playing around with that guy, and it was a pleasure every three, four years, coming back seeing how the wardrobe is. Is he heavy? Is he thin? I had fun.
If pleasures are greatest in anticipation, just remember that this is also true of trouble.
The ultimate result of shielding men from the effects of folly is to fill the world with fools.
The pure and simple truth is rarely pure and never simple.
Nature has never read the Declaration of Independence. It continues to make us unequal.
It seems like every time you come up something happens to bring you back down.
Reality is not always probable, or likely.
A world without love is a deadly place.
A woman who demands further gun control legislation is like a chicken who roots for Colonel Sanders.
Between us, we cover all knowledge; he knows all that can be known and I know the rest.
The call of death is a call of love. Death can be sweet if we answer it in the affirmative, if we accept it as one of the great eternal forms of life and transformation.
I wear the chain I forged in life....I made it link by link, and yard by yard; I girded it on of my own free will, and of my own free will I wore it.
Why sad over one thing when you have millions of other reasons to be happy?
I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was.
The Lord gets his best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction.
Observation more than books and experience more than persons, are the prime educators.
There\'s no money in poetry, but then there\'s no poetry in money, either.
In order to plan your future wisely, it is necessary that you understand and appreciate your past.
More than in any other performing arts the lack of respect for acting seems to spring from the fact that every layman considers himself a valid critic.
Simple pleasures are the last refuge of the complex.
See first that the design is wise and just; that ascertained, pursue it resolutely.
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
Insults should be well avenged or well endured.
What the United States does best is to understand itself. What it does worst is understand others.
The best dreams happen when youre awake
The only way to predict the future is to have power to shape the future.
Creativity takes courage.
Never make negative comments or spread rumors about anyone. It depreciates their reputation and yours.
No money on earth can buy the love and affection that has been given to me by a grateful nation.
Finance is a gun. Politics is knowing when to pull the trigger.
Criticism is the disapproval of people, not for having faults, but having faults different from your own.
The intensity of your desire governs the power with which the force is directed.
Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.
Dont rush things. Anything worth having is worth waiting for.
Like all great travelers, I have seen more than I remember and remember more than I have seen.
People with integrity do what they say they are going to do. Others have excuses.
Tomorrow every fault is to be amended; but tomorrow never comes.
When life locks you in your room, simply go out the window.
Wit is the salt of conversation, not the food.
Never give up on something you believe in, Becoz that something can change your everything.
Para ibu selalu mempunyai tempat untuk menampung duka, lalu mengecupnya dan bangkit.
There is no index of character so sure as the voice.
Every normal man must be tempted, at times, to spit on his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats.
The secret of popular writing is never to put more on a given page than the common reader can lap off it with no strain whatsoever on his habitually slack attention.
Slow and steady wins the race.
Love matches, so called, have illusion for their father and need for their mother.
Every man has a property in his own person; this nobody has a right to but himself.
Once you have learned to love... You will have learned to live. Happy Valentines Day
Are you going to come quietly, or do I have to use earplugs?
O, let my books be then the eloquence and dumb presages of my speaking breast.
Why waste your time getting hurt by someone when theres someone else out there waiting to make you happy.
Wishing you the joy and happiness that you both deserve, make sure you kiss everynight before going to bed.
The body of a sensualist is the coffin of a dead soul.
Between stimulus and response there is a space. In that space is our power to choose our response. In our response lies our growth and our freedom.
Everyone is like a butterfly, they start out ugly and awkward and then morph into beautiful graceful butterflies that everyone loves.
By the work one knows the workman.
Since fame is an illusion and death is in our future all we have is the next moment before we are swallowed into oblivion.
Tomorrow may not look the same as today, no matter how much you try to control it, all you need right now is to appreciate and enjoy what you have.
A slave is one who waits for someone to come and free him.
All is connected... no one thing can change by itself.
Perhaps they are not stars in the sky, but rather openings where our loved ones shine down to let us know they are happy.
Just wondering why brain cells die, skin cells die, your hair follicle die, but fat cells live FOREVER?
Stuart needs space and time as if this were physics and not a human relationship. 
Beware of over-confidence; especially in matters of structure.
prohibition makes you want to cry into your beer and denies you the beer to cry into
Tried, Tested, and TRUE. And to think I thought DIFFERENT..
Erklren heit verzeihen erklrt zu werden heit Verzeihung erlangen ... 
Education is the great equalizer – President Barack Obama
To make Michael Myers frightening, I had him walk like a man, not a monster.
Can I Borrow Your Cell Phone? I Need To Call Animal Control, Because I Just Saw A Fox!
The writer is more concerned to know than to judge.
Every actual State is corrupt. Good men must not obey laws too well.
I shoot, I score. He shoots, I score.
The past is malleable and flexible, changing as our recollection interprets and re-explains what has happened.
A good meal ought to begin with hunger.
Sail! quoth the king; Hold! saith the wind.
He alone loves the Creator perfectly who manifests a pure love for his neighbor.
He who devotes sixteen hours a day to hard study may become at sixty as wise as he thought himself at twenty.
It always rains the hardest on those who deserve the sun!
Great souls suffer in silence.
winners make it happen <BR>losers let it happen . 
Dont make someone a priority in your life when you just an option in theirs.
Laws control the lesser man... Right conduct controls the greater one.
Work like you dont need the money, love like youve never been hurt and dance like no one is watching!!!
Quality begins on the inside... and then works its way out.
I, John Brown, am now quite certain that the crimes of this guilty land will never be purged away but with Blood.
Beauty is an omnipresence of death and loveliness, a smiling sadness that we discern in nature and all things, a mystic communion that the poet feels.
Only nature knows how to justly proportion to the fault the punishment it deserves.
Your lips are like wine & I wanna get drunk.
A song will outlive all sermons in the memory.
We did talk about cheese on our first date.
If a man were permitted to make all the ballads, he need not care who should make the laws of a nation.
What is known in the heart doesnt always need to be uttered by Mouth.
Who is not satisfied with himself will grow; who is not sure of his own correctness will learn many things.
Desire is individual. Happiness is common.
I was starting to see that what looks like garbage from one angle might be art from another. Maybe it did take a crisis to get to know yourself maybe you needed to get whacked hard by life before you understood what you wanted out of it. 
People change for two reasons... Either, they learn enough that they want to... Or theyve been hurt enough that they have to...
Being considerate of others will take your children further in life than any college degree.
The art of communication is the language of leadership.
A spoonful of honey will catch more flies than a gallon of vinegar.
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.
Ease and honor are seldom bedfellows.
A peace is of the nature of a conquest; for then both parties nobly are subdued, and neither party loser.
Life becomes easier when you learn to accept an apology you never got.
If you want to be truly successful invest in yourself to get the knowledge you need to find your unique factor. When you find it and focus on it and persevere your success will blossom.
No place affords a more striking conviction of the vanity of human hopes than a public library.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
Nothing is more capable of troubling our reason, and consuming our health, than secret notions of jealousy in solitude.
God gave us our memories so that we might have roses in December.
We believe that if men have the talent to invent new machines that put men out of work, they have the talent to put those men back to work.
I wanna show that gospel, country, blues, rhythm and blues, jazz, rock \'n\' roll are all just really one thing. Those are the American music and that is the American culture.
We are all travelers in the desert of life and the best we can find in our journey is an honest friend.
Revenge is not worthy of you. If you concentrate on revenge you will keep those wounds fresh that would otherwise have healed. 
Silence is refreshment for the soul.
I\'m not ugly, but my beauty is a total creation.
Am I a romantic? I\'ve seen \'Wuthering Heights\' ten times. I\'m a romantic.
There can be no friendship without confidence, and no confidence without integrity.
Our brightest blazes of gladness are commonly kindled by unexpected sparks.
The expert knows more and more about less and less until he knows everything about nothing.
It is the duty of the President to propose and it is the privilege of the Congress to dispose.
The sweaty players in the game of life always have more fun than the supercilious spectators.
Education is the most powerful weapon, you can use to change the world.
Money is the seed of money, and the first guinea is sometimes more difficult to acquire than the second million.
The only thing I know is that I paint because I need to, and I paint whatever passes through my head without any other consideration.
Of course the playing is important but writing and the establishing of what you are going for is prime too.
If I am given a formula, and I am ignorant of its meaning, it cannot teach me anything, but if I already know it what does the formula teach me?
Right actions for the future are the best apologies for wrong ones in the past.
Lifes more fun when youre weird.
Morning without you is a dwindled dawn.
The suspicious mind believes more than it doubts. It believes in a formidable and ineradicable evil lurking in every person.
We must plant the sea and herd its animals using the sea as farmers instead of hunters. That is what civilization is all about - farming replacing hunting.
There is no Master but the Master he said and QT1 is his prophet. 
God often removes a person from your life for your protection. Think about that before you go running after them.
Feminism is hated because women are hated. Anti-feminism is a direct expression of misogyny; it is the political defense of women hating.
In our daily life, we encounter people who are angry, deceitful, intent only on satisfying their own needs. There is so much anger, distrust, greed, and pettiness that we are losing our capacity to work well together.
Happiness is making your dreams come true.
Hard times always lead to something great.
When spider webs unite they can tie up a lion.
A phoneless cord is a great device for people who love peace and quiet.
The most important thing in our war preparations is to teach all our people to hate U.S. imperialism. Otherwise, we will not be able to defeat the U.S. imperialists who boast of their technological superiority.
Airs of importance are the credentials of impotence.
He who chooses the beginning of a road chooses the place it leads to. It is the means that determine the end.
To keep your character intact you cannot stoop to filthy acts. It makes it easier to stoop the next time.
Life being what it is, one dreams of revenge.
We seem okay with violence, but nudity we race to criticize and censor.
They seemed to be able to choose. We seemed to be able to choose then. We were a society dying of too much choice. 
When two men in business always agree, one of them is unnecessary.
If I am shot at, I want no man to be in the way of the bullet.
Better bend than break.
By ancestry, I was born to rule.
There are various sorts of curiosity; one is from interest, which makes us desire to know that which may be useful to us; and the other, from pride which comes from the wish to know what others are ignorant of.
Never ascribe to malice that which is adequately explained by incompetence.
To be stupid, selfish, and have good health are three requirements for happiness, though if stupidity is lacking, all is lost.
An algorithm must be seen to be believed.
Silence is one of the great arts of conversation.
Nowhere on your birth certificate did it say life would be fair.
What is the essence of America? Finding and maintaining that perfect, delicate balance between freedom \"to\" and freedom \"from.\"
Rust consumes iron and envy consumes itself.
I was very fortunate to be at the vanguard of music video.
Know that you are your greatest enemy, but also your greatest friend.
Equality may perhaps be a right, but no power on earth can ever turn it into a fact.
Hold you there, neither a strange hand nor my own, neither heavy nor light shall touch my bum.
Someday Ill understand this problem, someday this will make sense, someday I will know what to do, someday I will solve this. But in the same day, Ill have another problem.
The proper time to influence the character of a child is about a hundred years before he is born.
Thought means life, since those who do not think so do not live in any high or real sense. Thinking makes the man.
Confidence contributes more to conversation than wit.
A gift much expected is paid, not given.
The true meaning of religion is thus, not simply morality, but morality touched by emotion.
The Internet is a great information tool, and can be a place where kids learn, but we must remember that when kids are online, they are in public.
No spring, nor summer beauty hath such grace,As I have seen in one autumnal face.
The greatest of all faults, I should say, is to be conscious of none.
If we don\'t get a grip on government spending, there will be no growth.
A short saying often contains much wisdom.
The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future life.
Our humility rest upon a series of learned behaviors, woven together into patterns that are infinitely fragile and never directly inherited.
Perseverance - a lowly virtue whereby mediocrity achieves an inglorious success.
The tillage of the soil occupies the vast majority of those who work for their own bread.
We talk on principal, but act on motivation.
The excess of virtue is a vice.
Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change.
A man of genius is privileged only as far as he is genius. His dullness is as insupportable as any other dullness.
If God had wanted me otherwise, He would have created me otherwise.
When time and space and change converge, we find place. We arrive in Place when we resolve things. Place is peace of mind and understanding. Place is knowledge of self. Place is resolution.
Good, the more communicated, more abundant grows.
Children wish fathers looked but with their eyes; fathers that children with their judgment looked; and either may be wrong.
To be happy with a man you must understand him a lot and love him a little. To be happy with a woman you must love her a lot and not try to understand her at all.
Holding hands, for example, is a way to remember how it feels to say nothing together.
Happiness is not a goal, but a way of life.
PCR made it easier to see that certain people are infected with HIV.
Quite simply the Games are the biggest opportunity sport in this country has ever had. It is one that we must not squander.
An army of principles can penetrate where an army of soldiers cannot.
The good news about computers is that they do what you tell them to do. The bad news is that they do what you tell them to do.
The Buddha is your real body, your original mind.
Credit has done a thousand times more to enrich mankind than all the gold mines in the world. It has exalted labor, stimulated manufacture and pushed commerce over every sea.
Daily it is forced home on the mind of the biologist that nothing, not even the wind that blows, is so unstable as the level of the crust of this earth.
A strong man and a waterfall always channel their own path.
Government is the only institution that can take a valuable commodity like paper, and make it worthless by applying ink.
I listen to all kinds of music - new music, old music, music of my colleagues, everything.
You think I am a fool, but you are a greater fool than I am.
One joy scatters a hundred grieves.
How lovely are the portals of the night, when stars come out to watch the daylight die.
I believe that when you work on yourself, you are attracted by different, more positive beings.
Morals are private. Decency is public.
There\'s a lot of stress... but once you get in the car, all that goes out the window.
I figured out it was a social thing, what women were allowed to do. At a very young age, I decided I was not going to follow women\'s rules.
What disappoints us most in life, is the picture in our head of how its supposed to be.
No captain can do very wrong if he places his ship alongside that of the enemy.
I left my country because I was forced to, and I do not think that I am going to lose my language because I live in England.
Human felicity is produced not so much by great pieces of good fortune that seldom happen, as by little advantages that occur every day.
True love does not have a happy ending, because true love never ends.
Man has, as it were, become a kind of prosthetic God. When he puts on all his auxiliary organs, he is truly magnificent; but those organs have not grown on him and they still give him much trouble at times.
God will give you whatever you need in order to do his will. He will do it in his own time, in his own way, according to his own will.
The present contains nothing more than the past, and what is found in the effect was already in the cause.
He is a king who fears nothing, he is a king who desires nothing!
Men rise from one ambition to another: first, they seek to secure themselves against attack, and then they attack others.
Creativity, as has been said, consists largely of rearranging what we know in order to find out what we do not know. Hence, to think creatively, we must be able to look afresh at what we normally take for granted.
Sir, more than kisses, letters mingle souls. For, thus friends absent speak.
A defendant on trial for a specific crime is entitled to his day in court, not in a stadium or a city or nationwide arena.
Though conditions have grown puzzling in their complexity, though changes have been vast, yet we may remain absolutely sure of one thing; that now as ever in the past, and as it will ever be in the future, there can be no substitute for elemental virtues, for the elemental qualities to which we allude when we speak of a man, not only as a good man, but as emphatically a man. We can build up the standard of individual citizenship and individual well-being, we can raise the national standard and make it what it can and shall be made, only by each of us steadfastly keeping in mind that there can be no substitute for the world-old commonplace qualities of truth, justice, and courage, thrift, industry, common sense and genuine sympathy with the fellow feelings of others.
A Boss in Heaven is the best excuse for a boss on earth, therefore If God did exist, he would have to be abolished.
The way we imagine ourselves to appear to another person is an essential element in our conception of ourselves. In other words, I am not what I think I am, and I am not what you think I am. I am what I think you think I am.
People make mistakes and bad choices but thats a part of growth. If youre not learning then youre not growing.
I come from a really big family, my father was a businessman and what he always instilled in us was to be your own boss. My father built up his business, and he was by no means a rich man, but he figured out how to work four-and-a-half days a week.
I do not think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday.
If you want to test your memory, try to recall what you were worrying about one year ago today.
We must open the doors of opportunity.
Life is way too short for boring cars.
Just because one person doesnt love you dont mean you should forget about everyone else that does.
Conform and be dull.
The puritan hated bear baiting, not because it gave pain to the bear, but because it gave pleasure to the spectators.
The only way to treat the common cold is with contempt.
Religion is for people who are scared to go to hell. Spirituality is for people who have already been there.
Extreme busyness, whether at school or college, kirk or market, is a symptom of deficient vitality; and a faculty for idleness implies a catholic appetite and a strong sense of personal identity.
Social order at the expense of liberty is hardly a bargain.
In a completely sane world, madness is the only freedom!
Originality is the essence of true scholarship. Creativity is the soul of the true scholar.
A handful of soldiers is always better than a mouthful of arguments.
May your joys be as deep as the ocean, your sorrows as light as its foam.
Pornography is human imagination in tense theatrical action; its violations are a protest against the violations of our freedom by nature.
Why do two colors, put one next to the other, sing? Can one really explain this? no. Just as one can never learn how to paint.
Colors are the smiles of nature.
Whenever you dont understand whats happening in your life, just close your eyes, take a deep breath and say GOD I know it is your plan, just help me through it.
Ultimately a hero is a man who would argue with the gods, and so awakens devils to contest his vision. The more a man can achieve, the more he may be certain that the devil will inhabit a part of his creation.
Developments in medical technology have long been confined to procedural or pharmaceutical advances, while neglecting a most basic and essential component of medicine: patient information management.
Everyone is as God made him, and often a great deal worse.
It is just as cowardly to judge an absent person as it is wicked to strike a defenseless one. Only the ignorant and narrow-minded gossip, for they speak of persons instead of things.
There is no stupid work, there are only stupid people.
Let no vandalism of avarice or neglect, no ravages of time, testify to the present or to the coming generations, that we have forgotten, as a people, the cost of a free and undivided Republic.
Old age, believe me, is a good and pleasant thing. It is true you are gently shouldered off the stage, but then you are given such a comfortable front stall as spectator.
Gorgeous hair is the best revenge.
You cant make the same mistake twice. The second time you make it, its no longer a mistake, its a choice.
Free election of masters does not abolish the masters or the slaves.
To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded.
Financial regulatory reform is one of the top legislative priorities of the Obama Administration.
Books are the treasured wealth of the world and the fit inheritance of generations and nations.
We feel free when we escape - even if it be but from the frying pan to the fire.
Historically, the most terrible things — war, genocide, and slavery — have resulted not from disobedience, but from obedience.
What do I mean by concentration? I mean focusing totally on the business at hand and commanding your body to do exactly what you want it to do.
Information is the oxygen of the modern age. It seeps through the walls topped by barbed wire, it wafts across the electrified borders.
Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!
All philanthropy... is only a savory fumigation burning at the mouth of a sewer. This incense offering makes the air more endurable to passers-by, but it does not hinder the infection in the sewer from spreading.
Tanning is tricky, because a lot of people just look orange.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
The care of the Earth is our most ancient and most worthy, and after all our most pleasing responsibility. To cherish what remains of it and to foster its renewal is our only hope.
Never argue; repeat your assertion.
A silent mouth is melodious.
It is by no means an irrational fancy that, in a future existence, we shall look upon what we think our present existence, as a dream.
A man may be a fool and not know it, but not if he is married.
Until we can manage TIME, we can manage nothing else.
Power takes as ingratitude the writhing of its victims.
There is something good in all seeming failures. You are not to see that now. Time will reveal it. Be patient.
I modelled my looks on the town tramp.
Educationists should build the capacities of the spirit of inquiry, creativity, entrepreneurial and moral leadership among students and become their role model.
One of the most striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives.
He who praises everybody praises nobody.
Cut your losses and let your profits run.
Effective managers live in the present but concentrate on the future.
“With the right attitude and mind set one can soar to the greatest heights.” 
Slaves lose everything in their chains, even the desire of escaping from them.
I believe that everyone else my age is an adult whereas I am merely in disguise.
Recently, I was asked if I was going to fire an employee who made a mistake that cost the company $600,000. No, I replied, I just spent $600,000 training him. Why would I want somebody to hire his experience?
If you have some respect for people as they are, you can be more effective in helping them to become better than they are.
Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.
We are infected by our own misunderstanding of how our own minds work.
Design is not for philosophy it\'s for life.
I firmly believe in the rule of law as the foundation for all of our basic rights.
Love nothing but that which comes to you woven in the pattern of your destiny.
Suffering is permanent, obscure and dark, And shares the nature of infinity.
Man is both strong and weak, both free and bound, both blind and far-seeing. He stands at the juncture of nature and spirit; and is involved in both freedom and necessity.
I have a great deal of respect and admiration for people who put themselves on the line.
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
There are three types of baseball players: Those who make it happen, those who watch it happen and those who wonder what happens.
Ive noticed you noticing me and Im just giving you notice that Ive noticed you!
Do not keep all your work for tomorrow, always remember you can also do it the day after tomorrow.. Be lazy, Think crazy
Nobody remembers who finished second but the guy who finished second.
The quest of the absolute leads into the four-dimensional world.
Try and trust will move mountains.
A teacher should have maximal authority, and minimal power.
For example, I was a White House intern the summer before I dropped out of law school. Everybody knew about it. I\'d come home and go to church and everybody would say, \'Oh, my God. Demetri, you\'re working at the White House.\'
The thinker without a paradox is like a lover without a feeling: a paltry mediocrity.
Raising children is an incredibly hard and risky business in which no cumulative wisdom is gained: each generation repeats the mistakes the previous one made.
Total loyalty is possible only when fidelity is emptied of all concrete content, from which changes of mind might naturally arise.
Many people spend more time in planning the wedding than they do in planning the marriage
Life is one grand, sweet song, so start the music.
Words are the voice of the heart.
Beware what you set your heart upon. For it surely shall be yours.
Blood is thicker than water.
For too much rest becomes a pain.
Success is a journey, not a destination. The doing is often more important than the outcome.
We would not have our politics distracted and embittered by the dissensions of other lands.
A man who is very busy seldom changes his opinions.
Dogs are better than human beings because they know but do not tell.
To live alone is the fate of all great souls.
He that is always right is always wrong.
War is a way of shattering to pieces... materials which might otherwise be used to make the masses too comfortable and... too intelligent.
Hello, Im a thief, and Im here to steal your heart.
I regard you with an indifference closely bordering on aversion.
There is nothing that man fears more than the touch of the unknown. He wants to see what is reaching towards him, and to be able to recognize or at least classify it. Man always tends to avoid physical contact with anything strange.
A single act does make a difference...it creates a ripple effect that can be felt many miles and people away.
You should study the Peerage, Gerald. It is the one book a young man about town should know thoroughly, and it is the best thing in fiction the English have ever done.
War is a quarrel between two thieves too cowardly to fight their own battle.
The older I grow, the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.
What you dislike in another take care to correct in yourself.
If I walk outside without lipstick, I feel naked.
Masochism is a valuable job skill.
I miss Denny Crane.
The religious is any activity pursued in behalf of an ideal end against obstacles and in spite of threats of personal loss because of its general and enduring value.
But what is the greatest evil? If you are going to epitomize evil, what is it? Is it the bomb? The greatest evil that one has to fight constantly, every minute of the day until one dies, is the worse part of oneself.
I love you - I am at rest with you - I have come home.
If you break 100, watch your golf. If you break 80, watch your business.
Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity, or registering wrongs.
As memory may be a paradise from which we cannot be driven, it may also be a hell from which we cannot escape.
A little rebellion is a medicine necessary for the sound health of government.
Acting is standing up naked and turning around very slowly.
A zebra does not change its spots.
And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you.
I consider myself to be a genius who happens to play chess.
Fate will find a way.
The first treasure California began to surrender after the Gold Rush as the oldest: her land.
To achieve anything in this game, you must be prepared to dabbled on the boundary of disaster.
To the world you might be one person, but to one person you might be the world.
As a child I felt myself to be alone, and I am still, because I know things and must hint at things which others apparently know nothing of, and for the most part do not want to know.
Black literature is taught as sociology, as tolerance, not as a serious, rigorous art form.
Disappointments are to the soul what a thunderstorm is to the air.
Loneliness is never more cruel than when it is felt in close propinquity with someone who has ceased to communicate.
The gift of friendship is a wondrous thing with the joys and happiness good friends bring.
Why should we strive, with cynic frown, to knock their fairy castles down?
Treating your adversary with respect is giving him an advantage to which he is not entitled.
Men are valued, not for what they are, but for what they seem to be.
One thing alone not even God can do,To make undone whatever hath been done.
Through every walk of pain, theres is always a step of happiness that awaits.
If we are to achieve a richer culture, rich in contrasting values, we must recognize the whole gamut of human potentialities, and so weave a less arbitrary social fabric, one in which each diverse human gift will find a fitting place.
Anyone who believes what a cat tells him deserves all he gets.
Yet, in spite of this world-wide system of linkages, there is, at this very moment, a general feeling that communication is breaking down everywhere, on an unparalleled scale.
Common people do not pray; they only beg.
Jealousy is nothing but the foolish child of pride. Happy Valentines Day
Peace is a conscious choice.
Hunger is the best pickle.
In looking back, I see nothing to regret and little to correct.
You?can either trust people until they fail you, or distrust people until theyre proven trustworthy
Originality is independence, not rebellion; it is sincerity, not antagonism.
Memory is a great artist. For every man and for every woman it makes the recollection of his or her life a work of art and an unfaithful record.
Sexual intercourse began in 1963 (which was rather late for me) -- Between the end of the Chatterley ban and the Beatles first LP.
Discipline must come through liberty. We do not consider an individual disciplined only when he has been rendered as artificially silent as a mute and as immovable as a paralytic. He is an individual annihilated, not disciplined.
If you want me to believe in God, you must make me touch him.
We learned that economic growth and environmental protection can and should go hand in hand.
Let the lover be disgraceful, crazy, absent-minded. Someone sober will worry about events going badly. Let the lover be.
Risk anything! Care no more for the opinion of others ... Do the hardest thing on earth for you. Act for yourself. Face the truth.  (Journal entry, 14 October 1922)
There is no man, however wise, who has not at some period of his youth said things, or lived in a way the consciousness of which is so unpleasant to him in later life that he would gladly, if he could, expunge it from his memory.
There are more things to alarm us than to harm us, and we suffer more often in apprehension than reality.
I used to have trouble in front of an audience. I felt uncomfortable.
People dont always need advice. Sometimes all they need is a hand to hold, ear to listen and heart to understand.
Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one.
A house is a machine for living in.
Angry men are blind and foolish, for reason at such time takes flight and, in her absence; wrath plunders all the riches of the intellect, while the judgment remains the prisoner of its own pride.
Friends are like melons. Shall I tell you why?. To find one good.. You must a hundred try!!
Nobody can be exactly like me. Sometimes even I have trouble doing it.
Indecision is the key to flexibility.
A young man without ambition is an old man waiting to be.
Talk is cheap but it takes money to buy whiskey.
It doesn\'t matter about money; having it, not having it. Or having clothes, or not having them. You\'re still left alone with yourself in the end.
Light half-believers of our casual creeds, who never deeply felt, nor clearly will d, whose insight never has borne fruit in deeds, whose vague resolves never have been fulfilled.
If a good face is a letter of recommendation, a good heart is a letter of credit.
I have been wearing black, which was a reaction to the Ginger thing. But now I have hopes and I can be anything. Tomorrow I might be naked with a feather boa, who knows?
One thing at a time, all things in succession. That which grows fast withers as rapidly; and that which grows slow endures.
War is evil, but it is often the lesser evil.
When thugs by nature meet thugs by political conviction, 5-0 is not surprising.
Remember, remember always, that all of us, and you and I especially, are descended from immigrations and revolutionists.
Success has nothing to do with what you gain in life or accomplish for yourself. It\'s what you do for others.
Life is a tragedy for those who feel, and a comedy for those who think.
Come, follow me, and leave the world to its babblings.
There has been much tragedy in my life; at least half of it actually happened.
The man who regards his own life and that of his fellow-creatures as meaningless is not merely unfortunate, but almost disqualified for life.
I traveled among unknown men, in lands beyond the sea; nor England! did I know till then what love I bore to thee.
It does not take much strength to do things, but it requires great strength to decide what to do.
Forty for you, sixty for me And equal partners we will be
It is sheer madness to live in want in order to be wealthy when you die.
There are two types of encryption: one that will prevent your sister from reading your diary and one that will prevent your government.
A great work is made out of a combination of obedience and liberty.
Everybody\'s a work in progress. I\'m a work in progress. I mean, I\'ve never arrived... I\'m still learning all the time.
Saints need sinners.
The devil is a better theologian than any of us and is a devil still.
A book that is shut is but a block.
A woman knows a skirt-chaser.
Our vanity is the constant enemy of our dignity.
Any relic of the dead is precious, if they were valued living.
My manner of thinking, so you say, cannot be approved. Do you suppose I care? A poor fool indeed is he who adopts a manner of thinking for others!
The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts.
Our approach was very simple. It was about creating a universal language. A show that will be attractive toward every people coming from all over the world. And that was a big thing.
Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly until you learn to do it well.
He was a self-made man who owed his lack of success to nobody.
Life is a gamble at terrible odds, if it were a bet, you would not take it.
I fix things now and then, more often tweak HTML and make scripts to do things.
I actually love swimming but I just hate jumping in the water.
A man who was completely innocent, offered himself as a sacrifice for the good of others, including his enemies, and became the ransom of the world. It was a perfect act.
I thought of Paris as a beauty spot on the face of the earth, and of London as a big freckle.
Every moment is the paradox of now or never. 
Be ignorance thy choice, where knowledge leads to woe.
Whoever conquers a free town and does not demolish it commits a great error and may expect to be ruined himself.
Single is not a status. It is a word that best describes a person who is strong enough to live and enjoy life without depending on others.
After dark all cats are leopards.
Everything has been written. Everybody knows everything about me. There are no secrets. Except the skeletons in my closet.
I must govern the clock, not be governed by it.
I am doing things that are true to me. The only thing I have a problem with is being labeled.
It takes two to quarrel, but only one to end it.
Punctuality is the virtue of the bored.
We still do not know one thousandth of one percent of what nature has revealed to us.
Today if anyone praises you for your beauty, personality, style or attitude, Just kick him. How dare he fool you before April 1st.
Seek home for rest, for home is best.
Your past is not your potential. In any hour you can choose to liberate the future.
May the miracle of Christmas fill your heart with warmth and love. Christmas is the time of giving and sharing. It is the time of loving and forgiving.
A man who is good enough to shed his blood for his country is good enough to be given a square deal afterwards. More than that no man is entitled to, and less than that no man shall have.
Greed is the inventor of injustice as well as the current enforcer.
Skating was the vessel into which I could pour my heart and soul.
All of us could take a lesson from the weather, it pays no attention to criticism.
I used to say of Napoleon that his presence on the field made the difference of forty thousand men.
Computers themselves, and software yet to be developed, will revolutionize the way we learn.
Men have had every advantage of us in telling their own story. Education has been theirs in so much higher a degree; the pen has been in their hands. I will not allow books to prove anything.
Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and finds himself no wiser than before.
Words are always getting conventionalized to some secondary meaning. It is one of the works of poetry to take the truants in custody and bring them back to their right senses.
God preordained, for his own glory and the display of His attributes of mercy and justice, a part of the human race, without any merit of their own, to eternal salvation, and another part, in just punishment of their sin, to eternal damnation.
We are all geniuses up to the age of ten.
Youre Hotter Than Donut Grease.
I did not bring Deism into Bavaria.
It was expected of me that I was to bow to the name of Andrew Jackson... even at the expense of my conscience and judgement. such a thing was new to me, and a total stranger to my principles.
Healthy citizens are the greatest asset any country can have.
The world is an enormous injustice.
Duty is heavy as a mountain but Death is lighter than a feather.
Research is an organized method for keeping you reasonably dissatisfied with what you have.
Harry was left to ponder in silence the depths to which girls would sink to get revenge.
When liberty destroys order, the hunger for order will destroy liberty.
I am not an Athenian, nor a Greek, but a citizen of the world.
Words without actions are the assassins of idealism.
Wow Thalia muttered. Apollo is hot. <BR>Hes the sun god I said.<BR>Thats not what I meant. 
If you love someone set them free. If they come back, set them on fire.. ;) :D
Ambition is pitiless. Any merit that it cannot use it finds despicable.
Is not this whole world an illusion? And yet it fools everybody.
I was not born for courts and great affairs, but I pay my debts, believe and say my prayers.
Parsley is gharsley.
My turn shall also come:  I sense the spreading of a wing.
All men are equal before fish.
I was never less alone than when by myself.
When your team is winning, be ready to be tough, because winning can make you soft. On the other hand, when your team is losing, stick by them. Keep believing.
The nobler sort of man emphasizes the good qualities in others, and does not accentuate the bad. The inferior does the reverse.... The nobler sort of man pays special attention to nine points. He is anxious to see clearly, to hear distinctly, to be kindly in his looks, respectful in his demeanor, conscientious in his speech, earnest in his affairs. When in doubt, he is careful to inquire; when in anger, he thinks of the consequences; when offered an opportunity for gain, he thinks only of his duty.
Sleep is lovely, death is better still, not to have been born is of course the miracle.
True love means two seeds grow separately until they join in Matrimony forever.
Problems look mighty small from 150 miles up.
Follow thy fair sun, unhappy shadow.
In these troubled, uncertain times, we don\'t need more command and control; we need better means to engage everyone\'s intelligence in solving challenges and crises as they arise.
By nature all men are equal in liberty, but not in other endowments.
When the flatterer pipes, then the devil dances.
Books are my friends, my companions. They make me laugh and cry and find meaning in life.
Berterimakasihlah pada segala yang memberi kehidupan.
So, do you live around here often?
Patriotism, when it wants to make itself felt in the domain of learning, is a dirty fellow who should be thrown out of doors.
The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next.
Words may lie,but actions will always tell the truth.
Do not make prayer a monologue -- make it a conversation.
Love to faults is always blind, always is to joy inclined. Lawless, winged, and unconfined, and breaks all chains from every mind.
Images contaminate us like viruses.
Love seeks no cause beyond itself and no fruit; it is its own fruit, its own enjoyment. I love because I love; I love in order that I may love.
With luck, it might even snow for us.
In some ways I\'m still recovering from the trial. My health is not as good as it ought to be. I\'ve gone back to practicing law and it seems to have taken a toll for whatever reason.
I was called a terrorist yesterday, but when I came out of jail, many people embraced me, including my enemies, and that is what I normally tell other people who say those who are struggling for liberation in their country are terrorists.
A banker is a fellow who lends his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature.
War remains the decisive human failure.
Scientists dream about doing great things. Engineers do them.
There is a trade off - as you grow older you gain wisdom but you lose spontaneity.
A literary movement consists of five or six people who live in the same town and hate each other cordially.
The heart that truly loves never forgets.
Success didn\'t spoil me, I\'ve always been insufferable.
To understand another human being you must gain some insight into the conditions which made him what he is.
I forgot to shake hands and be friendly. It was an important lesson about leadership.
You know, Hillary Clinton gives of herself. Princess Diana gave of herself. But they are not saints.
There is a powerful need for symbolism, and that means the architecture must have something that appeals to the human heart. There is a powerful need for symbolism, and that means the architecture must have something that appeals to the human heart.
Every time you wake up and ask yourself, What good things am I going to do today?, remember that when the sun goes down at sunset, it will take a part of your life with it.
In eternity there is no time, only an instant long enough for a joke.
Skill without imagination is craftsmanship and gives us many useful objects such as wickerwork picnic baskets. Imagination without skill gives us modern art.
A wise man does not waste so good a commodity as lying for naught.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Macduff: What three things does drink especially provoke? Porter: Marry, sir, nose-painting, sleep, and urine.
In argument, truth always prevails finally; in politics, falsehood always.
Reduce your plan to writing. The moment you complete this, you will have definitely given concrete form to the intangible desire.
One of the unsung freedoms that go with a free press is the freedom not to read it.
Our prime purpose is to help others. If you cant help them, atleast dont hurt them.
Ingratitude is treason to mankind.
One that would have the fruit must climb the tree.
I have lived and slept in the same bed with English countesses and Prussian farm women... no woman has excited passions among women more than I have.
True enjoyment comes from activity of the mind and exercise of the body; the two are ever united.
I believe in the sanctity of marriage.
There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls.
All the beautiful sentiments in the world weigh less than a single lovely action.
I think quite often a fate worse than death is life, for lots of people.
In the first State of the Union of his second term, President Bush made clear to Americans tonight that he is not going to play the role of a lame duck President.
One of the greatest things you can learn in life is to be compassionate, and true compassion includes compassion for yourself.
Be an optimist -- at least until they start moving animals in pairs to Cape Canaveral.
How long will they kill our prophets while we stand aside and look?
I believe that you should gravitate to people who are doing productive and positive things with their lives.
Undertake not to teach your equal in the art himself professes; it savors arrogancy.
Gotta love when random ass hoes throw themselves at your man.
Sometimes I think to write LOL at the end of every answer in exams :)
A person with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds.
Dont expect to see positive changes in your life if you surround yourself with negative people.
Pride, envy, avarice - these are the sparks have set on fire the hearts of all men.
I am boring. I am boring!
Own only what you can always carry with you: know languages, know countries, know people. Let your memory be your travel bag.
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will
Do not, under any circumstances, belittle a work of fiction by trying to turn it into a carbon copy of real life; what we search for in fiction is not so much reality but the epiphany of truth.
Fine art is that in which the hand, the head, and the heart of man go together.
It is by suffering that human beings become angels.
There are only two things you HAVE TO do in life. You HAVE TO die. You HAVE TO live until you die. You make up all the rest.
By philosophy the mind of man comes to itself, and from henceforth rests on itself without foreign aid, and is completely master of itself, as the dancer of his feet, or the boxer of his hands.
You have to go on and be crazy. Craziness is like heaven.
A home is more than just where you live; it reflects who you are.
Let Me Tie Your Shoes, Cause I Dont Want You Falling For Anyone Else.
I am not ashamed to confess that I am ignorant of what I do not know.
He who sows virtue reaps fame.
Do not fear mistakes. There are none.
One thought driven home is better than three left on base.
The House of Lords is like a glass of champagne that has stood for five days.
Politeness is the chief sign of culture.
I wish people would turn off their computers, go outside, talk to people, touch people, lick people, enjoy each other\'s company and smell each other on the rump.
I have always enjoyed the company of women and have formed deep and long-lasting friendships with many of them.
The first step towards getting somewhere is to decide that you are not going to stay where you are.
Tis distance lends enchantment to the view, and robes the mountain in its azure hue.
Amid the pressure of great events, a general principle gives no help.
In war, you win or lose, live or die, and the difference is just an eyelash.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
A forest of these trees is a spectacle too much for one man to see.
People always make the wolf more formidable than he is.
Time will bring to light whatever is hidden; it will cover up and conceal what is now shining in splendor.
Do you ever get the feeling that you would like to reach out and just choke someone?
Our personal consumer choices have ecological, social, and spiritual consequences. It is time to re-examine some of our deeply held notions that underlie our lifestyles.
Faith is the daring of the soul to go farther than it can see.
I\'m a Mommy\'s Girl - the strongest influence in my young life was my mom.
Any informed borrower is simply less vulnerable to fraud and abuse.
So you think that money is the root of all evil. Have you ever asked what is the root of all money?
If you would know strength and patience, welcome the company of trees.
Coaches who can outline plays on a black board are a dime a dozen. The ones who win get inside their player and motivate.
By the time a bartender knows what drink a man will have before he orders, there is little else about him worth knowing.
We hire people who want to make the best things in the world.
Let men see, let them know, a real man, who lives as he was meant to live.
I sit on my duff, smoke cigarettes and watch TV. I\'m not exactly a poster girl for healthy living.
The role of art in society differs for every artist.
The beauty of a woman is seen within her eyes because its the doorway to her heart where her love resides.
Before I was ever in high school, I had dark circles under my eyes. The rumor was I was a junkie. I have dark circles under my eyes, deal with it.
We always overestimate our worries & underestimate our potential.
I love my mom. My mom loves me. We don\'t have an easy relationship. I don\'t think we ever will, but I\'d rather have a complicated, misunderstood relationship than have no relationship at all.
I just want to lay on your chest and listen your heartbeat.
There are three kinds of men. The one that learns by reading. The few who learn by observation. The rest of them have to pee on the electric fence for themselves.
It is dangerous to be right in matters on which the established authorities are wrong.
There is but one step from the Academy to the Fad.
I have a Vision of the Future, chum. The workers flats in fields of soya beans tower up like silver pencils, score on score.
The globalization of the capital market is actually part of economic globalization. This will create a change in the entire world economy, not just restricted to some fields in some countries.
Every house has its cross.
A man trying to sell a blind horse always praises its feet.
Eating words has never given me indigestion.
Hunger is the best sauce.
The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, faith, love and loyalty.
A FEATHER.  A feather is trimmed, it is trimmed by the light and the bug and the post, it is trimmed by little leaning and by all sorts of mounted reserves and loud volumes. It is surely cohesive.
I would like to see us get this place right first before we have the arrogance to put significantly flawed civilizations out onto other planets, even though they may be utterly uninhabited.
Say not you know another entirely till you have divided an inheritance with him.
If you think nobody cares if you\'re alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
I am at peace with God. My conflict is with Man.
A weak man is just by accident. A strong but non-violent man is unjust by accident.
Travel, trouble, music, art, A kiss, a frock, a rhyme - I never said they feed my heart, But still they pass my time.
There is no god higher than truth.
I dont need to explain myself, I know Im right.
The dreadful burden of having nothing to do.
Why should we look to the past in order to prepare for the future? Because there is nowhere else to look.
I knew that when the great guiding spirit cleaves humanity into two antagonistic halves, I will be with the people.
I think the ideal situation for a family is to be completely incestuous.
I tried to be normal. Worst two minutes of my life.
In love, as in war, a fortress that parleys is half taken.
Be of love a little more careful than of anything.
Death gives meaning to our lives. It gives importance and value to time. Time would become meaningless if there were too much of it.
Punctuality is the soul of business.
People are like stained-glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out,but when the darkness sets in,their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within.
The poor man who enters into a partnership with one who is rich makes a risky venture.
There are lies, damned lies, and statistics.
Fear less, hope more;Whine less, breathe more;Talk less, say more;Hate less, love more;And all good things are yours.
Study until 25, investigate until 40, profession until 60, at which age I would have him retired on a double allowance.
Praise from an enemy is the most pleasing of all commendations.
I love my children beyond all reason. They\'re my joy, even when they\'re wild with kid energy.
Full nakedness! All my joys are due to thee, as souls unbodied, bodies unclothed must be, to taste whole joys.
Do not train a child to learn by force or harshness; but direct them to it by what amuses their minds, so that you may be better able to discover with accuracy the peculiar bent of the genius of each.
I read part of it all the way through.
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
The wise man does not expose himself needlessly to danger, since there are few things for which he cares sufficiently; but he is willing, in great crises, to give even his life-knowing that under certain conditions it is not worth while to live.
Dont say what you dont mean.
The formula for success is simple: practice and concentration then more practice and more concentration.
There has never been a statue erected to honor a critic.
Language is not only the vehicle of thought, it is a great and efficient instrument in thinking.
A historian who would convey the truth must lie. Often he must enlarge the truth by diameters, otherwise his reader would not be able to see it.
Much wisdom often goes with fewer words.
Beware of ignorance when in motion; look out for inexperience when in action, and beware of the majority when mentally poisoned with misinformation, for collective ignorance does not become wisdom.
The rubber industry is of much significance to our countries. For millions of our smallholders, the rubber tree is a tree of life, serving as a crucial source of income for earning a living and raising families.
During a negotiation, it would be wise not to take anything personally. If you leave personalities out of it, you will be able to see opportunities more objectively.
Heat and animosity, contest and conflict, may sharpen the wits, although they rarely do; they never strengthen the understanding, clear the perspicacity, guide the judgment, or improve the heart.
Under a government which imprisons any unjustly, the true place for a just man is also a prison.
Nobody can be kinder than the narcissist while you react to life in his own terms.
Like warmed-up cabbage served at each repast, The repetition kills the wretch at last.
But all bubbles have a way of bursting or being deflated in the end.
Liberty for wolves is death to the lambs.
History is littered with wars which everybody knew would never happen.
Like water which can clearly mirror the sky and the trees only so long as its surface is undisturbed, the mind can only reflect the true image of the Self when it is tranquil and wholly relaxed.
The sage awakes to light in the night of all creatures. That which the world calls day is the night of ignorance to the wise.
The past cant hurt you anymore not unless you let it. 
Up until maybe a decade ago, we were told that life was impossible and that we were the most incredible miracle in the universe.
Restlessness and discontent are the first necessities of progress.
A heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others.
A mind becomes a detriment when it acquires more intelligence than its integrity can handle.
I wonder how many times we forgive just because we dont want to lose someone. Even if they dont deserve forgiveness.
One who has imagination without learning has wings without feet.
To go from mortal to Buddha, you have to put an end to karma, nurture your awareness, and accept what life brings.
A man is in general better pleased when he has a good dinner upon his table, than when his wife talks Greek.
Old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read.
After a subsequent interview at Brooklyn Poly, I was hired, and life as a fully independent researcher began.
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
Choosing to be positive and grateful for what you have now is going to determine how youre going to live the rest of your life
The difference between getting somewhere and nowhere is the courage to make an early start. The fellow who sits still and does just what he is told will never be told to do big things.
You can create the perfect triceps by just pushing yourself off your wall.
The hatred of relatives is the most violent.
There is not a grain of dust, not an atom that can become nothing, yet man believes that death is the annhilation of his being.
You know that when I hate you, it is because I love you to a point of passion that unhinges my soul.
A good teacher must know the rules; a good pupil, the exceptions.
Stride forward with a firm, steady step knowing with a deep, certain inner knowing that you will reach every goal you set yourselves, that you will achieve every aim .
All sides in a trial want to hide at least some of the truth.
If you can make a girl laugh, you can make her do anything.
I don\'t think life is absurd. I think we are all here for a huge purpose. I think we shrink from the immensity of the purpose we are here for.
With true friends... even water drunk together is sweet enough.
Some who will not speak against another, in the end does them harm.
Always be ready to speak your mind, and a base man will avoid you.
Labor disgraces no man; unfortunately, you occasionally find men who disgrace labor.
No matter how long or how hard you shop for an item, after youve bought it, it will be on sale somewhere cheaper.
Riding a horse is not a gentle hobby, to be picked up and laid down like a game of solitaire.  It is a grand passion.  It seizes a person whole and once it has done so, he/she will have to accept that his life will be radically changed.
Everyday holds the possibility of a miracle.
We may have found a cure for most evils; but it has found no remedy for the worst of them all -- the apathy of human beings.
Freedom is just Chaos, with better lighting.
A vigorous temper is not altogether an evil. Men who are easy as an old shoe are generally of little worth.
Never chase love, affection, or attention. If it isnt given freely by another person, it isnt worth having.
Your mind is what makes everything else work.
It is not Christianity, but priestcraft that has subjected woman as we find her.
Given the choice between the experience of pain and nothing, I would choose pain.
We now accept the fact that learning is a lifelong process of keeping abreast of change. And the most pressing task is to teach people how to learn.
Whoever has the luck to be born a character can laugh even at death. Because a character will never die! A man will die, a writer, the instrument of creation: but what he has created will never die!
What do u call an employee who works 24 by 7 and is seriously underpaid??? A Mom!!
It is not true that people stop pursuing dreams because they grow old, they grow old because they stop pursuing dreams.
Man is an exception, whatever else he is. If it is not true that a divine being fell, then we can only say that one of the animals went entirely off its head.
Lovers quarrels are the renewal of love.
The only use of an obstacle is to be overcome. All that an obstacle does with brave men is, not to frighten them, but to challenge them.
Anger is a short madness.
Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry.
Inflexible in faith, invincible in arms.
We are great fools: He has spent his life in idleness.  We say, I have done nothing today.  Really, have you not lived?  This is not only the most fundamental but the most illustrious of your occupations
Chastity is a monkish and evangelical superstition, a greater foe to natural temperance even than unintellectual sensuality.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
If honest of heart and uprightness before God were lacking or if I did not patiently wait on God for instruction, or if I preferred the counsel of my fellow-men to the declarations of the Word of God, I made great mistakes.
Beauty and brains, pleasure and usability - they should go hand in hand.
God exists since mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exists since we cannot prove it.
Creative thinking inspires ideas. Ideas inspire change.
The power of the people is much stronger than the people in power.
It takes a couple of years just to get the background and knowledge that you need before you can go into detailed training for your mission.
To reach a port, we must sail - sail, not tie at anchor - sail, not drift.
Claret is the liquor for boys; port for men; but he who aspires to be a hero must drink brandy.
We must all suffer one of two things: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment.
You cannot expect to achieve new goals or move beyond your present circumstances unless you change.
The art of statesmanship is to foresee the inevitable and to expedite its occurrence.
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out
It was one of those fine little love stories that can make you smile in your sleep at night.
He was not only a bore; he bored for England.
In everything we do, our own thoughts can help us succeed, or they can help us fail. Maintain a positive attitude.
Moo may represent an idea, but only the cow knows.
I believe cats to be spirits come to earth. A cat, I am sure, could walk on a cloud without coming through.
Where old age is evil, youth can learn no good.
The person we believe ourselves to be will always act in a manner consistent with our self-image.
The best scheme of Phonetics is a stiff uncertain thing.
Industry entirely left to itself, would soon fall to ruin, and a nation letting everything alone would commit suicide.
It is cruel, you know, that music should be so beautiful. It has the beauty of loneliness of pain: of strength and freedom. The beauty of disappointment and never-satisfied love. The cruel beauty of nature and everlasting beauty of monotony.
If people destroy something replaceable made by mankind, they are called vandals; if they destroy something irreplaceable made by God, they are called developers.
The causes of youth violence are working parents who put their kids into daycare, the teaching of evolution in the schools, and working mothers who take birth control pills.
Women are capable of doing so many things these days, physically, emotionally, within relationships and career. There are so many things that women have evolved into and I feel really proud about where women are right now.
Until you walk a mile in another man\'s moccasins you can\'t imagine the smell.
The abdication of belief makes the behavior small -- better an ignis fatuus than no illume at all.
If we study what is merely average, we will remain merely average.
Speech is human nature itself, with none of the artificiality of written language.
No bird soars too high, if he soars on his own wings.
Perfection is attained by slow degrees; it requires the hand of time.
Language has created the word loneliness to express the pain of being alone, and the word solitude to express the glory of being alone.
Friendship is an arrangement by which we undertake to exchange small favors for big ones.
Remember: there are no small parts, only small actors.
Nothing means more to me than what we share, no one in this world could ever compare.
Everything human is pathetic. The secret source of humor itself is not joy but sorrow. There is no humor in heaven.
Beware of people carrying ideas. Beware of ideas carrying people.
Death is the dropping of the flower that the fruit may swell.
The books that help you the most are those which make you think the most.
Sorry about those texts I sent you last night, my phone was drunk.
A retentive memory may be a good thing, but the ability to forget is the true token of greatness.
Why is it that, as a culture, we are more comfortable seeing two men holding guns than holding hands?
Go oft to the house of thy friend, for weeds choke the unused path.
There is always time to add a word, never to withdraw one.
You gotta try your luck at least once a day, because you could be going around lucky all day and not even know it.
The wise have always said the same things, and fools, who are the majority have always done just the opposite.
Life is made up of years that mean nothing and moments that mean it all.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder but it sure makes the rest of you lonely. 
I love my enemies for two reasons: They inspire me to recognize my weakness. They also inspire me to perfect my imperfect nature.
May the saddest day of your future be no worse than the happiest day of your past.
Nothing profits more than self-esteem, grounded on what is just and right.
Going to the cinema is like returning to the womb; you sit there, still and meditative in the darkness, waiting for life to appear on the screen.
A civilized society is one which tolerates eccentricity to the point of doubtful sanity.
When you truly love someone, you can never get bored of that person.
Trying times are not the times to stop trying.
After 1929, so many people had been traumatized by the stock market crash that there was a lost generation.
Do you love yourself enough to be what you love yourself enough to want?
The apple cannot be stuck back on the Tree of Knowledge; once we begin to see, we are doomed and challenged to seek the strength to see more, not less.
I love spaghetti and meatballs... I eat a lot.
The sight of burnt orange makes me puke.
Too late I found you cant wait to become perfect you got to go out and fall down and get up with everybody else. 
The basis of our political system is the right of the people to make and to alter their constitutions of government.
Nothing is beautiful, only man: on this piece of naivete rests all aesthetics, it is the first truth of aesthetics. Let us immediately add its second: nothing is ugly but degenerate man - the domain of aesthetic judgment is therewith defined.
America was indebted to immigration for her settlement and prosperity. That part of America which had encouraged them most had advanced most rapidly in population, agriculture and the arts.
Nothing is more surprising than the easiness with which the many are governed by the few.
I may as well say it, I have been married three times.
Secret operations are essential in war; upon them the army relies to make its every move.
When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world.
Be still my heart; thou hast known worse than this.
A family is a place where minds come in contact with one another.
No tree has branches so foolish as to fight among themselves.
Manners are not idle, but the fruit. Of loyal nature and of noble mind.
The festival of lights is just around the corner wish you all a Very Happy Diwali..
If you believe in yourself anything is possible.
Spectacular achievement is always preceded by unspectacular preparation.
We leave as we came and, god willing, as we shall return, with peace, and hope for all mankind.
A dose of adversity is often as needful as a dose of medicine.
When we recall Christmas past we usually find that the simplest things  not the great occasions  give off the greatest glow of happiness.<BR> 
ordinary eternal machinery, like the grinding of the stars
It is always the best policy to speak the truth, unless, of course, you are an exceptionally good liar.
The scars of others should teach us caution.
God hath prepared a little coronet or special reward (extraordinary and beside the great crown of all faithful souls) for those who have not defiled themselves with women.
A leader is a dealer in hope.
I was known as the chief grave robber of my state.
Life is a long lesson in humility.
The elegance of honesty needs no adornment.
The will to conquer is the first condition of victory.
Me and Janet really are two different people.
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence.
What this power is I cannot say; all I know is that it exists and it becomes available only when a man is in that state of mind in which he knows exactly what he wants and is fully determined not to quit until he finds it.
Civil union is less than marriage. Marriage is a sacred and valued institution and ought to be afforded equal protection.
Money may be the husk of many things, but not the kernel. It brings you food, but not appetite; medicine, but not health; acquaintances, but not friends; servants, but not faithfulness; days of joy, but not peace or happiness.
He who has begun a good work in you shall bring it to completion at the day of Jesus Christ. Good Friday :)
Looking for alaska first friend, first girl, last words.
There is no love which does not become help.
Inside of every problem lies an opportunity.
The internet could be a very positive step towards education, organisation and participation in a meaningful society.
If you injure your neighbor, better not do it by halves.
The world is full of nice people. If you cant find one, be one.
We are all gifted. That is our inheritance.
This suspense is terrible. I hope it will last.
I sleep better knowing that a naked corkeater is not sneaking around at night stealing my underwear.  
Perfectionism becomes a badge of honor with you playing the part of the suffering hero.
Sometimes you have to fall from the mountain to realize what you are climbing for.
A man likes his wife to be just clever enough to appreciate his cleverness and just stupid enough to admire it.
“Imagination is the only weapon in the war against reality.” 
Sexual harassment is complex, subtle, and highly subjective.
Come, let us have some tea and continue to talk about happy things.
Without faith, nothing is possible. With it, nothing is impossible.
So act that your principle of action might safely be made a law for the whole world.
Both fortune and love befriend the bold.
Every time we choose safety, we reinforce fear.
Every night I go home crying because Ill have to wait until tomorrow to see you again.
No mistake is more common and more fatuous than appealing to logic in cases which are beyond her jurisdiction.
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
The wisdom of man never yet contrived a system of taxation that would operate with perfect equality.
Better be alone than in bad company.
You can only hate someone whom you have the capacity to love, because if you are really indifferent, you cannot even get up the enough energy to hate him.
Ah, take the Cash in hand and waive the Rest.
Albert Einstein Money cant buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.
Reach high for stars lie hidden in you. Dream deep for every dream precedes the goal. 
Fascism is a religion. The twentieth century will be known in history as the century of Fascism.
I have a dream that one day every valley shall be exalted, every hill and mountain shall be made low, the rough places will be made straight and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed and all flesh shall see it together.
Eventually time always runs out
I consider criticism merely a preliminary excitement, a statement of things a writer has to clear up in his own head sometime or other, probably antecedent to writing; of no value unless it come to fruit in the created work later.
The best nicknames are usually the ones people dont know they have.
The gross heathenism of civilization has generally destroyed nature, and poetry, and all that is spiritual.
A woman has the age she deserves.
Courtesy Life be not so short but that there is always time for courtesy.
Let no youth have any anxiety about the upshot of his education, whatever the line of it may be. If he keep faithfully busy each hour of the working-day, he may safely leave the result to itself. He can with perfect certainty count on waking up some fine morning to find himself one of the competent ones of his generation.
Many men have been capable of doing a wise thing, more a cunning thing, but very few a generous thing.
In the spider-web of facts, many a truth is strangled.
 From dawn to dusk, strive for excellence in everything you do, never submitting to failure or defeat.
The whole purpose of education is to turn mirrors into windows.
I have made it a rule of my life to trust a man long after other people gave him up, but I don\'t see how I can ever trust any human being again.
Every actual state is corrupt. Good men must not obey the laws too well.
Mission one accomplished, I woke up.
What a cage is to the wild beast, law is to the selfish man.
The greatest risk in life is not taking one.
Cells mediate our experience of life. Behind every sound, sight, touch, taste and smell is a corresponding set of cells that receive this information and interpret it for us.
Children are innocent and love justice, while most adults are wicked and prefer mercy.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
The weak have one weapon: the errors of those who think they are strong.
All of the biggest technological inventions created by man - the airplane, the automobile, the computer - says little about his intelligence, but speaks volumes about his laziness.
Compassion is no substitute for justice.
Why do people with closed minds always open their mouths?
Having viewed Europe as an extension and projection of itself, France now finds Europe developing a mind and identity of its own which embraces France but is not controlled by France.
America is not just a power, it is a promise. It is not enough for our country to be extraordinary in might; it must be exemplary in meaning.
If you would know the value of money, go and try to borrow some.
We are all tourists in history, and irony is what we win in wars.
Treat a work of art like a prince. Let it speak to you first.
Easy is instant gratification. Hard is a lifetime of satisfaction.
A happy heart is better than a full purse.
If you cant change the things around you, then change the way you think about them!
The goal of all life is death.
I want death to find me planting my cabbages.
Ours is a circle of friendships united by ideals.
Anyone can handle a crisis. Its everyday living that kills you.
Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm and constant.
Bureaucracy is a giant mechanism operated by pygmies.
The sole equality on earth is death.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
I never write metropolis for seven cents because I can get the same price for city. I never write policeman because I can get the same money for cop.
All truly great thoughts are conceived by walking.
Whine less, breathe more talk less, say more hate less, love more and all good things will be your.
Be not afraid of going slowly, be afraid only of standing still.
It Hurts To Love Someone And Not Be Loved In Return, But What Hurts More Is To Love Someone, And Never Find The Courage To Let Them Know How You Feel.
There is not love of life without despair about life. 
There are no good girls gone wrong, just bad girls found out.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
The only laws of matter are those that our minds must fabricate and the only laws of mind are fabricated for it by matter.
A conservative is a man who is too cowardly to fight and too fat to run.
Marriage has many pains, but celibacy has no pleasures.
Inexpensive is good.
The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm.
I love you more than my own skin.
He who dares nothing need hope for nothing.
Happiness is not hard to find. Its beside you, its in front of you, its at your back, its around you. Its just a matter of appreciation
Excelsior, higher and higher, but only step by step.
I am not a politician... I only suffer the consequences.
This girl makes me crazy. Her lips are soft like a flower, her eyes are deep like sea. And when she smiles, happiness is unleashed all around.
We have made the Reich by propaganda.
True, I am in love with suffering, but I do not know if I deserve the honor.
It is not worth an intelligent man\'s time to be in the majority. By definition, there are already enough people to do that.
Order without liberty and liberty without order are equally destructive.
The essence of the Liberal outlook lies not in what opinions are held, but in how they are held: instead of being held dogmatically, they are held tentatively, and with a consciousness that new evidence may at any moment lead to their abandonment.
A man said to the universe Sir I exist <BR>However replied the universe. <BR>The fact has not created in me<BR>A sense of obligation. 
I think the human race made a big mistake at the beginning of the industrial revolution, we leaped for the mechanical things, people need the use of their hands to feel creative.
Death comes for us all. Even for kings he comes.
A waffle is like a pancake with a syrup trap.
Please write again soon. Though my own life is filled with activity, letters encourage momentary escape into others lives and I come back to my own with greater contentment.
Great hopes make great men.
I feel that luck is preparation meeting opportunity.
Sometimes the greatest rewards in life come from doing the things that scare you the most.
There is so much freedom, power, and restoration on the other side of letting go.
Who hears music feels his solitude peopled at once.
Forgiveness is God\'s command.
They were keen for me still to play the piano, which I was going to, but 45 minutes of piano would be extremely boring. I like a bit of light and shade.
Critics! Those cut-throat bandits in the paths of fame.
Much Madness is divinest Sense -- to a discerning Eye -- much Sense -- the starkest Madness --
The religion of one age is the literary entertainment of the next.
Revolution is the festival of the oppressed.
If you don\'t like the way the world is, you change it. You have an obligation to change it. You just do it one step at a time.
Methinks I see in my mind a noble and puissant nation rousing herself like a strong man after sleep, and shaking her invincible locks. Methinks I see her as an eagle mewing her mighty youth, and kindling her undazzled eyes at the full midday beam.
Truth never damages a cause that is just.
Listen to my little heart. It always says your name with every heartbeat.
Hatred does not cease through hatred at any time. Hatred ceases through love. This is an unalterable law.
It is not tolerable, it is not possible, that from so much death, so much sacrifice and ruin, so much heroism, a greater and better humanity shall not emerge.
It has been said that 80% of what people learn is visual.
The human race is faced with a cruel choice: work or daytime television.
The results you achieve will be in direct proportion to the effort you apply.
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us.
Can there be a more horrible object in existence than an eloquent man not speaking the truth?
All compromise is based on give and take, but there can be no give and take on fundamentals. Any compromise on mere fundamentals is a surrender. For it is all give and no take.
I really have to force myself to tidy up around the house.
The proper method of philosophy consists in clearly conceiving the insoluble problems in all their insolubility and then in simply contemplating them, fixedly and tirelessly, year after year, without any hope, patiently waiting.
In order to live a fully human life we require not only control of our bodies (though control is a prerequisite); we must touch the unity and resonance of our physicality, our bond with the natural order, the corporeal grounds of our intelligence.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
Chance does nothing that has not been prepared beforehand.
Nothing will ever be attempted, if all possible objections must first be overcome.
Old men and far travelers may lie with authority.
Old minds are like old horses you must exercise them if you wish to keep them in working order.
Thought, not money, is the real business capital.
If you do not know where you are going, any road will take you there.
Those who build beneath the stars build too low.
You are in control of your thoughts and actions so you are responsible for what you do with your life. Never blame anyone for your mistakes. Learn from them.
Sometimes all the words in the world cant describe a single feeling.
When one does away with oneself one does the most estimable thing possible: one thereby almost deserves to live.
Childhood is a disease -- a sickness that you grow out of.
I sound my barbaric yawp over the roofs of the world.
Success lies not in the result but in the effort. BEING? the Best is not at all important,?DOING? the Best is all that matters.
I always had a repulsive need to be something more than human.
The best man is like water.Water is good; it benefits all things and does not compete with them.It dwells in lowly places that all disdain.This is why it is so near to Tao.
The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining.
The best love affairs are those we never had.
So, fall asleep love, loved by me... for I know love, I am loved by thee.
For all my education, accomplishments, and so called \'wisdom\'... I can\'t fathom my own heart.
As surely as I am the living God, everyone will kneel before me, and everyone will confess that I am God.
When looking for faults use a mirror, not a telescope
Art begins in imitation and ends in innovation.
Right knows no boundaries, and justice no frontiers; the brotherhood of man is not a domestic institution.
Politics is applied biology.
Never give up on your dream... because you never know what the Lord can bless you with.
Immortality: A toy which people cry for, And on their knees apply for, Dispute, contend and lie for, And if allowed Would be right proud Eternally to die for.
Nothing is as approved as mediocrity, the majority has established it and it fixes it fangs on whatever gets beyond it either way.
The world changes materially. Science makes advances in technology and understanding. But the world of humanity doesn\'t change.
There is no kind of harassment that a man may not inflict on a woman with impunity in civilized societies.
The art of pleasing is the art of deception.
A colour is a physical object as soon as we consider its dependence, for instance, upon its luminous source, upon other colours, upon temperatures, upon spaces, and so forth.
He who every morning plans the transaction of the day and follows out the plan, carries a thread that will guide him through the labyrinth of the most busy life.
Beauty, to me is about being comfortable in your own skin.
I have no desire to be a cat, which walks so lightly that it never creates a disturbance.
It is not the answer that enlightens, but the question.
If it is important to you, you will find a way. If not, you will find an excuse.
Networking is an essential part of building wealth.
Men and women have strengths that complement each other.
Smile...it increases your face value :)
The sinning is the best part of repentance.
Every king was once a crying baby and every great building was once a map. Itâ€™s not important where you are today, but where you will reach tomorrow.
Growth itself contains the germ of happiness.
Life stand still here.
Let us go in; the fog is rising.
For the dead and the living, we must bear witness.
Lying to ourselves is more deeply ingrained than lying to others.
I think the teaching profession contributes more to the future of our society than any other single profession.
If you\'re an entrepreneur and you think that the president makes a difference to your business, you should stay at your current job.
Let the beauty we love be what we do.
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
One should be more concerned about what his conscience whispers than about what other people shout.
Knowledge without practice is like a glass eye, all for show, and nothing for use.
There are things to confess that enrich the world, and things that need not be said.
Money is like manure. You have to spread it around or it smells.
What is mind? No matter. What is matter? Never mind.
Out in the lonely woods the jasmine burns Its fragrant lamps, and turns Into a royal court with green festoons The banks of dark lagoons.
The window to the world can be covered by a newspaper.
This - the leadership of the mayor is crucial, because it is to the mayor that people will look to provide the vision, the energy, and the sense of confidence in the rebuilding and the recovery.
Christianity makes suffering contagious.
All music has to speak in some form or other.
The world is a looking glass and gives back to every man the reflection of his own face.
Sometimes you wonder how you got on this mountain. But sometimes you wonder, How will I get off?
The sky was falling down on me and I spent most of the time drunk. It was the only way I could handle it.
The person who seeks all their applause from outside has their happiness in another\'s keeping .
No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right; a single experiment can prove me wrong.
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.
There is no real wealth but the labor of man. Were the mountains of gold and the valleys of silver, the world would not be one grain of corn richer; not one comfort would be added to the human race.
When God punishes a land, he deprives it leaders of wisdom.
Realize that from the start, every activity that comprises the journey has value and the ability to teach you something.
The purpose of the past is to teach you, not trap you.
There is no force like success, and that is why the individual makes all effort to surround himself throughout life with the evidence of it; as of the individual, so should it be of the nation.
Everyone tells me I deserve better, but I dont want better. I want you.
Peace is purchased from strength. It\'s not purchased from weakness or unilateral retreats.
There is no reason why the same man should like the same books at eighteen and at forty-eight
Trifles make perfection, but perfection is no trifle.
A man who pretends to understand women is ad manners. For him to really to understand them is bad morals.
Human life is but a series of footnotes to a vast obscure unfinished masterpiece
My favorite language for maintainability is Python. It has simple, clean syntax, object encapsulation, good library support, and optional named parameters.
Death the last voyage, the longest, and the best.
Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain.
We are more disturbed by a calamity which threatens us than by one which has befallen us.
I will not go into a story unprepared. I will do my homework, and that\'s something I learned at an early age.
Wisdom makes but a slow defense against trouble, though at last a sure one.
Food, like a loving touch or a glimpse of divine power,  has that ability to comfort.
Nowadays, they have more trouble packing hair dryers than baseball equipment.
I welcome and seek your ideas, but do not bring me small ideas; bring me big ideas to match our future.
The stars, that nature hung in heaven, and filled their lamps with everlasting oil, give due light to the misled and lonely traveller.
Dont just wait. Make it happen.
I chose to treat the homosexuality like I would treat any other form of sexuality.
I do not like sports, unless you consider treating all humankind with love and respect a sport.
The condition upon which God hath given liberty to man is eternal vigilance.
Sweat plus sacrifice equals success.
Life grants nothing to us mortals without hard work.
The highest patriotism is not a blind acceptance of official policy, but a love of one\'s country deep enough to call her to a higher plain.
An autobiography usually reveals nothing bad about its writer except his memory.
Music is too important to be left to professionals.
Humility is the ladder to divine understanding.
When you see a person without a smile, give them yours.
Nowadays to be intelligible is to be found out.
Three things are needed for a good life, good friends, good food, and good song.
A little group of willful men reflecting no opinion but their own have rendered the great Government of the United States helpless and contemptible.
No one is listening until you make a mistake.
Safety of the state is the highest law.
It may be that the deep necessity of art is the examination of self-deception.
Today is the pupil of yesterday.
Nothing is so unbelievable that oratory cannot make it acceptable.
Government is just spending too much money.
The chief function of the body is to carry the brain around
I pity them greatly, but I must be mum, for how could we do without sugar and rum?
The whale is endangered, while the ant continues to do just fine.
Free speech is meant to protect unpopular speech. Popular speech, by definition, needs no protection.
Alcohol is necessary for a man so that he can have a good opinion of himself, undisturbed be the facts.
If you love something, hide it, lock it up & dont tell a soul.
The individual whose vision encompasses the whole world often feels nowhere so hedged in and out of touch with his surroundings as in his native land.
Common looking people are the best in the world: that is the reason the Lord makes so many of them.
The tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so long to begin it.
Fortitude is the guard and support of the other virtues.
What is the difference between a taxidermist and a tax collector? The taxidermist takes only your skin.
I Wish I Was Cross-Eyed, So I Could See You Twice.
Nothing in life is certain except death, taxes and the second law of thermodynamics.
There is a ceaseless war against drunkenness and cruelty and vice.
Learning teacheth more in one year than experience in twenty.
Jazz music is an intensified feeling of nonchalance.
A man with a surplus can control circumstances, but a man without a surplus is controlled by them, and often has no opportunity to exercise judgment.
By the end of high school I was not of course an educated man, but I knew how to try to become one.
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only saps today of its joy.
The essence of optimism is that it takes no account of the present, but it is a source of inspiration, of vitality and hope where others have resigned; it enables a man to hold his head high, to claim the future for himself and not to abandon it to his enemy.
A just cause is not ruined by a few mistakes.
Follow your heart and you will never lose your way.
Only the insane have strength enough to survive. Only the survivors determine what is sane.
I think I could be a good woman if I had five thousand a year.
Speech is civilization itself. The word... preserves contact -- it is silence which isolates.
Get the facts, or the facts will get you. And when you get em, get em right, or they will get you wrong.
Never meet trouble half-way.
The human being is in the most literal sense a political animal, not merely a gregarious animal, but an animal which can individuate itself only in the midst of society.
Rhetoric paints with a broad brush.
It sucks to be alone, even when there are people all around you.
The good man is the friend of all living things.
Just hit play and watch my life fall apart.
Justice… is a kind of compact not to harm or be harmed.
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it.
Once a woman has forgiven her man, she must not reheat his sins for breakfast.
You may fool all the people some of the time, you can even fool some of the people all of the time, but you cannot fool all of the people all the time.
The silent majority distrusts people who believe in causes.
We are a people who can bring about miracles if united.
Forget being my valentine Be mine forever.
Information is not knowledge.  Knowledge is not wisdom.  Wisdom is not truth.  Truth is not beauty.  Beauty is not love.  Love is not music.  Music is THE BEST.
I have been a man of great sins, but He has been a God of great mercies; and now, through His mercies, I have a conscience as sound and quiet as if I had never sinned.
Seek not greatness, but seek truth and you will find both.
Perhaps America will one day go fascist democratically, by popular vote.
The more words you know the more clearly and powerfully you will think...and the more ideas you will invite into your mind. 
You do what it takes. It was on me to deliver.
I believe that every person is born with talent.
Old age adds to the respect due to virtue, but it takes nothing from the contempt inspired by vice; it whitens only the hair.
Dont u just hate it when u do so much for everyone in your life but when its your day nobody is there for you!!
We tried not to age, but time had its rage.
Prosperity or egalitarianism - you have to choose. I favor freedom - you never achieve real equality anyway: you simply sacrifice prosperity for an illusion.
Each age has deemed the new-born year the fittest time for festal cheer.
A part of kindness consists in loving people more than they deserve.
If I had learned education I would not have had time to learn anything else.
Fame hit me like a ton of bricks.
To the victors belong the spoils.
When a customer enters my store, forget me. He is king.
For darkness restores what light cannot repair.
When a person finds themselves predisposed to complaining about how little they are regarded by others, let them reflect how little they have contributed to the happiness of others.
Compromise is never anything but an ignoble truce between the duty of a man and the terror of a coward.
Men act and women appear. Men look at women. Women watch themselves being looked at.
Reasoning draws a conclusion, but does not make the conclusion certain, unless the mind discovers it by the path of experience.
We have to compete in a universe of 200 networks, so we have to carve out our own niche, and to me, that niche is just basic shoe-leather journalism with some good journalists at the helm you can trust as presenters.
We plan to eliminate the state of Israel and establish a purely Palestinian state. We will make life unbearable for Jews by psychological warfare and population explosion. We Palestinians will take over everything, including all of Jerusalem.
If any civilization is to survive, it is the morality of altruism that men have to reject.
A sage thing is timely silence, and better than any speech.
He must be very ignorant for he answers every question he is asked.
Nourish beginnings, let us nourish beginnings. Not all things are blest, but the seeds of all things are blest.The blessing is in the seed.
Class is an aura of confidence that is being sure without being cocky. Class has nothing to do with money. Class never runs scared. It is selfdiscipline and selfknowledge. Its the surefootedness that comes with having proved you can meet life.  
Governing sense, mind and intellect, intent on liberation, free from desire, fear and anger, the sage is forever free.
If I have seen farther than others, it is because I was standing on the shoulder of giants.
We can only see a short distance ahead, but we can see plenty there that needs to be done.
It is utterly false and cruelly arbitrary to put all the play and learning into childhood, all the work into middle age, and all the regrets into old age.
We are happy when for everything inside us there is a corresponding something outside us.
Love is shown in your deeds, not in your words.
Bad weather forecasts are more often right than good ones.
Awareness without action is worthless.
Never violate the sacredness of your individual self-respect.
I thank God I was raised Catholic, so sex will always be dirty.
Life is rough so you gotta be tough.
Death is a shadow that always follows the body.
Since boredom advances and boredom is the root of all evil, no wonder, then, that the world goes backwards, that evil spreads. This can be traced back to the very beginning of the world. The gods were bored; therefore they created human beings.
There are three side effects of acid: enhanced long-term memory, decreased short-term memory, and I forget the third.
Have thy tools ready. God will find thee work.
Worse than telling a lie is spending your whole life staying true to a lie.
And all your future lies beneath your hat.
All is mine but nothing owned, nothing owned for memory, and mine only while I look.
I really believe that everyone has a talent, ability, or skill that he can mine to support himself and to succeed in life.
Sometimes I wish I was a little baby again, because bruised knees heal faster than broken hearts
Only write to me, write to me, I love to see the hop and skip and sudden starts of your ink.
The dominant feeling of the battlefield is loneliness.
Time is the rider that breaks youth.
Diligence is a great teacher.
Learn this from water: loud splashes the brook but the oceans depth are calm.
Being overweight and obesity are major risk factors for many chronic diseases for South Dakotans of all ages. When people are overweight or obese, they have more health problems and more serious health problems, in addition to higher health care costs.
Fascism was a counter-revolution against a revolution that never took place.
The superpowers often behave like two heavily armed blind men feeling their way around a room, each believing himself in mortal peril from the other, whom he assumes to have perfect vision.
This wise man observed that wealth is a tool of freedom. But the pursuit of wealth is the way to slavery. 
Dont change for someone to like you, be yourself and the right people will love you.
Why was I born with such contemporaries?
Beware when the great God lets loose a thinker on this planet.
An injury is much sooner forgotten than an insult.
Bologna is a deli meat for people with eyes.
Love truth, but pardon error.
The screen is a magic medium. It has such power that it can retain interest as it conveys emotions and moods that no other art form can hope to tackle.
Pride is at the bottom of all great mistakes.
Self-trust is the first secret of success.
The rule of my life is to make business a pleasure, and pleasure my business.
I take a simple view of life: keep your eyes open and get on with it.
Leisure time should be an occasion for deep purpose to throb and for ideas to ferment. Where a man allows leisure to slip without some creative use, he has forfeited a bit of happiness.
All countries, big or small, strong or weak, are equal members of the United Nations.
If God dropped acid, would he see people?
Like the old soldier of the ballad, I now close my military career and just fade away, an old soldier who tried to do his duty as God gave him the light to see that duty. Goodbye.
Concentration, Confidence, Competitive urge, Capacity for enjoyment.
Nothing is so fatiguing as the eternal hanging on of an uncompleted task.
Discouragement is not the absence of adequacy but the absence of courage.
The genius, wit, and the spirit of a nation are discovered by their proverbs.
you must not come lightly to the blank page.
Experience is the worst teacher; it gives the test before presenting the lesson.
The whole world steps aside for the man who knows where he is going.
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.
Work hard to get what you like, otherwise youll be forced to like what you get
All noise is waste. So cultivate quietness in your speech, in your thoughts, in your emotions. Speak habitually low. Wait for attention and then your low words will be charged with dynamite.
We die as often as we lose a friend.
The block of granite which was an obstacle in the path of the weak, becomes a steppingstone in the path of the strong.
It is not once nor twice but times without number that the same ideas make their appearance in the world.
As citizens of this democracy, you are the rulers and the ruled, the law-givers and the law-abiding, the beginning and the end.
The future is made of the same stuff as the present.
Learn of the skillful; he that teaches himself, has a fool for his master.
Pain forces even the innocent to lie.
It is only the modern that ever becomes old-fashioned.
It takes your enemy and your friend, working together, to hurt you: the one to slander you, and the other to bring the news to you.
We have much work ahead, to stand still.
God buries His workmen but carries on His work.
When you like your work every day is a holiday.
Only one enemy is worse than despair: indifference. In every area of human creativity, indifference is the enemy; indifference of evil is worse than evil, because it is also sterile.
Once you touch the trappings of monarchy, like opening an Egyptian tomb, the inside is liable to crumble.
All adventures, especially into new territory, are scary.
Everyone makes mistakes, but you admit your own before you point out someone elses.
Anyone can rat, but it takes a certain amount of ingenuity to re-rat.
There is no force so democratic as the force of an ideal.
There is nothing wrong with America that faith, love of freedom, intelligence, and energy of her citizens cannot cure.
Lies are often much more plausible, more appealing to reason, than reality, since the liar has the great advantage of knowing beforehand what the audience wishes or expects to hear.
You can\'t legislate good will - that comes through education.
I think people like Steve Vai are so boring.
How did I go from being so happy, to so sad...
Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars.
Thinking of you on your birthday and wishing you everything that brings happiness today and tomorrow. Happy birthday
Who could be so lucky? Who comes to a lake for water and sees the reflection of moon.
Pornography tells lies about women. But pornography tells the truth about men.
There is a thin line that separates laughter and pain, comedy and tragedy, humor and hurt.
All the best have something in common, a regard for reality, an agreement to its primacy over the imagination.
I think you have to pay for love with bitter tears.
A lie told often enough becomes truth.
Faith is a living, daring confidence in God\'s grace, so sure and certain that a man could stake his life on it a thousand times.
I had a woman breakdown and cry when she met me which was difficult to deal with because immediately when someone starts to cry, you want to comfort them, you know, Poor thing. I comforted her. I tried to make her feel better.
Courage without conscience is a wild beast.
There is nothing so disastrous as a rational investment policy in an irrational world.
To fall in love is to create a religion that has a fallible god.
If only nature is real and if, in nature, only desire and destruction are legitimate, then, in that all humanity does not suffice to assuage the thirst for blood, the path of destruction must lead to universal annihilation.
Faith changes everything. It changes your outlook and it changes your life.
I spent a lot of money of booze birds and fast cars. The rest I just squandered.  
I realize that patriotism is not enough. I must have no hatred or bitterness towards anyone.
Always look on the bright side of life.
Wear a smile and have friends; wear a scowl and have wrinkles.
There Must Be A Lightswitch On My Forehead Because Everytime I See You, You Turn Me On!
Taxation is robbery based on monopoly of weapons
We spend our time searching for security and hate it when we get it.
We are all born equal-equally helpless and equally indebted to others for whatever our survival turns out to be worth.
Every writer I know has trouble writing.
A reputation once broken may possibly be repaired, but the world will always keep their eyes on the spot where the crack was.
A dimple on the chin, the devil within.
All art constantly aspires towards the condition of music.
Life is like Sanskrit read to a pony.
We cannot defend freedom abroad by deserting it at home.
Revolution begins with the self, in the self.
In search of my mother\'s garden, I found my own.
I ran into Isosceles. He had a great idea for a new triangle!
We cannot wait for governments to do it all. Globalization operates on Internet time. Governments tend to be slow moving by nature, because they have to build political support for every step.
Conscience is the voice of the soul; the passions of the body.
Don\'t play too much golf. Two rounds a day are plenty.
Political correctness is simply a speed bump in the traffic of truth, free thought and speech.
When people are lame, they love to blame.
Smile and let the whole world wonder why.
Giving opens the way for receiving.
Never underestimate the power of jealousy and the power of envy to destroy. Never underestimate that.
Necessity does the work of courage.
The distinction between the past, present and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion.
Hawaii is not a state of mind, but a state of grace.
“Reaching and going beyond potential is about stepping out of your comfort zone and your ordinary to explore extra-ordinary space.” 
Fact of life, After Monday & Tuesday, even the calendar says W T F..
Design must reflect the practical and aesthetic in business but above all... good design must primarily serve people.
I said to the almond tree, Friend, speak to me of God, and the almond tree blossomed.
Now all my teachers are dead except silence.
There is a Providence that protects idiots, drunkards, children and the United States of America.
When the rose and the cross are united the alchemical marriage is complete and the drama ends. Then we wake from history and enter eternity.
If it didnt matter, you wouldnt be thinking about it.
If you cant find the key to success, pick the lock.
Mark this well, you proud men of action! you are, after all, nothing but unconscious instruments of the men of thought.
Men naturally despise those who court them, but respect those who do not give way to them.
I would go to work from 9 to 6, go home, nap for two hours, then write from 8 to 2 a.m.
Hold the dream of a world with no military passionately in your heart, and if you will not, or cannot, then the destroyer spirit has possessed you, and YOU are an important part of the great miseries of the world.
When there is oppression, the only self-respecting thing is to rise and say this shall cease today, because my right is justice. If you are stronger, you have to help the weaker boy or girl both in play and in the work.
Its not over when you lose. Its over when you quit.
I am not a member of any organized political party. I am a Democrat.
Things done well and with a care, exempt themselves from fear.
“The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.” 
It was a blonde. A blonde to make a bishop kick a hole in a stained-glass window.
He who injured you was either stronger or weaker. If he was weaker, spare him; if he was stronger, spare yourself.
I understood once I held a baby in my arms, why some people have the need to keep having them.
Art is the most beautiful of all lies.
Only that day dawns to which we are awake.
How much more grievous are the consequences of anger than the causes of it.
I never learned hate at home, or shame. I had to go to school for that.
Jordan has a strange, haunting beauty and a sense of timelessness. Dotted with the ruins of empires once great, it is the last resort of yesterday in the world of tomorrow. I love every inch of it.
The Law of Raspberry Jam: the wider any culture is spread, the thinner it gets.
Success breeds success.
The common question that gets asked in business is, \'why?\' That\'s a good question, but an equally valid question is, \'why not?\'
Keep cool and you will command everyone.
Speed kills colour... the gyroscope, when turning at full speed, shows up gray.
People?who judge, dont matter. People who matter, dont judge.
I feel sorry for people who don\'t drink. When they wake up in the morning, that\'s as good as they\'re going to feel all day.
The wonders of the Grand Canyon cannot be adequately represented in symbols of speech, nor by speech itself. The resources of the graphic art are taxed beyond their powers in attempting to portray its features. Language and illustration combined must fail.
I give bird songs to those who dwell in cities and have never heard them, make rhythms for those who know only military marches or jazz, and paint colors for those who see none.
To be right with God has often meant to be in trouble with men.
Be very, very patient and very open-minded, and listen to what people have to say.
Money changes all the iron rules into rubber bands.
A successful lawsuit is the one worn by a policeman.
Poetry might be defined as the clear expression of mixed feelings.
The self is only that which it is in the process of becoming.
If we open a quarrel between past and present, we shall find that we have lost the future.
Ignore the risk, and take the fall, if its meant to be, its worth it all
Lo! The poor Indian, whose untutored mind sees God in clouds, or hears him in the wind.
We have lost the art of sharing and caring.
A hallucination is a fact, not an error; what is erroneous is a judgment based upon it.
So I came home and I had a resume and everything, but the only job experience I had was just playing in bars and clubs on my summers off. So, I was temping and stuff during the day and playing music at night.
Fame is the thirst of youth.
Appreciation is a combination of understanding, quiet amazement, and gratitude. Appreciating something permits its experience and integration.
We proved that we are still a people capable of doing big things and tackling our biggest challenges.
To take a photograph is to participate in another person\'s mortality, vulnerability, mutability. Precisely by slicing out this moment and freezing it, all photographs testify to time\'s relentless melt.
Suspect each moment, for it is a thief, tiptoeing away with more than it brings.
What some of us believe is that it is possible that if chemicals are related to Gulf War illness that some of the more severe symptoms may not erupt until 10 or 20 years down the line.
Through some strange and powerful principle of mental chemistry which she has never divulged, nature wraps up in the impulse of strong desire, that something which recognizes no such word as impossible, and accepts no such reality as failure.
Bad laws are the worst form of tyranny.
To be governed is to be watched over, inspected, spied on, directed, legislated at, regulated, docketed, indoctrinated, preached at, controlled, assessed, weighed, censored, ordered about, by men who have neither the right nor the knowledge nor the virtue.
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.
We can\'t drive our SUVs and eat as much as we want and keep our homes on 72 degrees at all times... and then just expect that other countries are going to say OK. That\'s not leadership. That\'s not going to happen.
Innocence is always unsuspicious.
There is no prejudice so strong as that which arises from a fancied exemption from all prejudice.
For the person for whom small things do not exist, the great is not great.
Advice is worth what you pay for it.
Children have neither a past nor a future. Thus they enjoy the present -- which seldom happens to us.
The ordinary man is involved in action, the hero acts. An immense difference.
The public is the only critic whose opinion is worth anything at all.
The office of government is not to confer happiness, but to give men the opportunity to work out happiness for themselves.
Perseverance is a virtue that cannot be understated.
Technology...is a queer thing. It brings you great gifts with one hand, and it stabs you in the back with the other.
There is no personal charm so great as the charm of a cheerful temperament.
The whole course of human history may depend on a change of heart in one solitary and even humble individual - for it is in the solitary mind and soul of the individual that the battle between good and evil is waged and ultimately won or lost.
Friendship should be more than biting time can sever.
Your emotions affect every cell in your body. Mind and body, mental and physical, are intertwined.
You desire to know the art of living, my friend? It is contained in one phrase: make use of suffering.
Action may not always bring happiness but there is no happiness without action.
The more laws and order are made prominent, the more thieves and robbers there will be.
Love gives you wings. Icarus and the Challenger both had wings and so did my first love letter after I folded it up and flung it at my crush. 
Hating people is like burning down your own house to get rid of a rat.
Really? Worst film you ever saw. Well, my next one will be better. Hello. Hello.
The key to getting everything you want is to never put all your begs in one ask-it!
Where the battle rages there the loyalty of the soldier is proved. 
Nothing is so contagious as example; and we never do any great good or evil which does not produce its like.
There are pretenders to piety as well as to courage.
Is so sad to see vacation go, its back to school tomorrow! =(
Those who have compared our life to a dream were right... we were sleeping wake, and waking sleep.
The newest computer can merely compound, at speed, the oldest problem in the relations between human beings, and in the end the communicator will be confronted with the old problem, of what to say and how to say it.
Politics is the entertainment branch of industry.
The less secure a man is, the more likely he is to have extreme prejudice.
The times in life, that seems to be the worst, always turn out for the best!
Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.
AIDS is a judgment we have brought upon ourselves.
When I have a little money, I buy books; and if I have any left, I buy food and clothes.
Remove the document—and you remove the man.
There is nothing so stupid as an educated man, if you get him off the thing he was educated in.
Fair flowers are not left standing along the wayside long.
Good writers define reality; bad ones merely restate it. A good writer turns fact into truth; a bad writer will, more often than not, accomplish the opposite.
The first hundred years are the hardest.
Let us make future generations remember us as proud ancestors just as, today, we remember our forefathers.
A healthy social life is found only, when in the mirror of each soul the whole community finds its reflection, and when in the whole community the virtue of each one is living.
I feel incompetent to perform duties... which have been so unexpectedly thrown upon me.
A woman is never sexier than when she is comfortable in her clothes.
The figure a poem makes. It begins in delight and ends in wisdom... in a clarification of life - not necessarily a great clarification, such as sects and cults are founded on, but in a momentary stay against confusion.
I am a kind of burr; I shall stick.
Our character is basically a composite of our habits. Because they are consistent, often unconcious patterns, they constantly, daily, express our character
Morality is always the product of terror; its chains and strait-waistcoats are fashioned by those who dare not trust others, because they do not dare to trust themselves, to walk in liberty.
It is remarkable how similar the pattern of love is to the pattern of insanity.
The mark of a true professional is giving more than you get.
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.
I\'ve been on a diet for two weeks and all I\'ve lost is two weeks.
Fear of things invisible in the natural seed of that which everyone in himself calleth religion.
The marathon can humble you.
Mr Kremlin himself was distinguished for ignorance, for he had only one idea,and that was wrong.
It is to law alone that men owe justice and liberty. It is this salutary organ of the will of all which establishes in civil rights the natural equality between men. It is this celestial voice which dictates to each citizen the precepts of public reason, and teaches him to act according to the rules of his own judgment and not to behave inconsistently with himself. It is with this voice alone that political leaders should speak when they command.
The cruelest thing a man can do to a woman is to portray her as perfection.
The number of students participating in A.P. has more than doubled in 10 years, and today almost 15,000 U.S. schools offer A.P. courses.
There is nothing greater than enthusiasm.
One must learn by doing the thing, for though you think you know it, you have no certainty until you try.
A true gentleman is one who is never unintentionally rude.
I love my work with a frenetic and perverse love, as an ascetic loves the hair shirt which scratches his belly.
The Wine of Life keeps oozing drop by drop, The Leaves of Life keep falling one by one.
Tomorrow is a satire on today, And shows its weakness.
Do not regret growing older, it is a privilege denied to many.
Progress might have been alright once, but it has gone on too long.
The effects of opposition are wonderful. There are men who rise refreshed on hearing of a threat-men to whom a crisis which intimidates and paralyzes the majority, comes graceful and beloved as a bride!
A true measure of your worth includes all the benefits others have gained from your success.
A nation which has forgotten the quality of courage which in the past has been brought to public life is not as likely to insist upon or regard that quality in its chosen leaders today - and in fact we have forgotten.
Only idiots refuse to change their minds.
Journalism allows its readers to witness history; fiction gives its readers an opportunity to live it.
As soon as the land of any country has all become private property, the landlords, like all other men, love to reap where they never sowed, and demand a rent even for its natural produce.
Abortion is defended today as a means of ensuring the equality and independence of women, and as a solution to the problems of single parenting, child abuse, and the feminization of poverty.
His designs were strictly honorable, as the phrase is; that is, to rob a lady of her fortune by way of marriage.
The task is...not so much to see what no one has yet seen; but to think what nobody has yet thought, about that which everybody sees.
Problems emerge and some people try to sweep them under the rug.
I want to be left alone.
I hate the day, because it lendeth light To see all things, but not my love to see.
Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting.
Some women hold up dresses that are so ugly and they always say the same thing: \'This looks much better on.\' On what? On fire?
Television is not real life. In real life people actually have to leave the coffee shop and go to jobs.
Every day is a gift with a child, no matter what problems you have.
A typical minority group stereotype -- woman as nigger -- if she knows her place (home), she is really a quite lovable, loving creature, happy and childlike.
We act as though comfort and luxury were the chief requirements of life, when all that we need to make us really happy is something to be enthusiastic about.
Count no mortal fortunate till he has departed this life free from pain.
The fearless are merely fearless. People who act in spite of their fear are truly brave.
We may never be strong enough to be entirely nonviolent in thought, word and deed. But we must keep nonviolence as our goal and make strong progress towards it.
The first time I sang in the church choir; two hundred people changed their religion.
Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.
My mind is full of rudeness and you just lose your space here.
We have need of history in its entirety, not to fall back into it, but to see if we can escape from it.
It seems to me that you would have to write a novel on a very small, intimate scale for it not to become political.
It is in the shelter of each other that the people live.
My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me.
A diplomat is a man who thinks twice before he says nothing.
It\'s not that we use technology, we live technology.
Sincerity gives wings to power.
The purpose of relation is not to have someone who may be with you completely but to have someone with whom you can share your incompleteness completely.
If you dont control your attitude, then it will control you
When the Rule of Law disappears we are ruled by the whims of men. 
Young people are threatened... by the evil use of advertising techniques that stimulate the natural inclination to avoid hard work by promising the immediate satisfaction of every desire.
The fact is popular art dates. It grows quaint. How many people feel strongly about Gilbert and Sullivan today compared to those who felt strongly in 1890?
What I know about this world is that white people will take care of themselves. And what I have learned is that if you are where they are on an equal basis, they cannot take care of themselves without taking care of you.
Whatever has overstepped its due bounds is always in a state of instability.
You may call God love, you may call God goodness. But the best name for God is compassion.
Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses.
If the English language made any sense, lackadaisical would have something to do with a shortage of flowers.
Andrew Jackson was the first one to think up the idea to promise everybody that if they will vote for you, you will give them an office when you get it, and the more times they vote for you, the bigger the office.
A decent boldness ever meets with friends.
Education is not a problem. Education is an opportunity.
Talking without thinking is like shooting without taking aim.
Celebrity is never more admired than by the negligent.
A first kiss is hard to fake on screen. Its tempting to practice before you shoot, but why blow that natural awkwardness on a rehearsal? Theres something so beautiful about it that cant be faked.
Success is not in what you have, but who you are.
Those who live to the future must always appear selfish to those who live to the present.
I see no virtues where I smell no sweat.
The United States as we know it today is largely the result of mechanical inventions, and in particular of agricultural machinery and the railroad.
I think the person who takes a job in order to live - that is to say, for the money - has turned himself into a slave.
Some girls love to go to the airport and have 50 paparazzi on them. I go to the airport and have a mental breakdown.
Love is just a word until someone special gives it a meaning.
Cards are war, in disguise of a sport.
Love is the only kind of fire which is never covered by insurance.
When I\'m writing, I\'m trying to immerse myself in the chaos of an emotional experience, rather than separate myself from it and look back at it from a distance with clarity and tell it as a story. Because that\'s how life is lived, you know?
Nothing is built on stone; all is built on sand, but we must build as if the sand were stone.
Well: what we gain by science is, after all, sadness, as the Preacher saith. The more we know of the laws and nature of the Universe the more ghastly a business we perceive it all to be -- and the non-necessity of it.
Leaders should lead as far as they can and then vanish. Their ashes should not choke the fire they have lit.
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
Every man thinks God is on his side. The rich and powerful know he is.
Happiness keeps you sweet Trials make you strong Sorrows make you humble Success keeps you glowing & God keeps you going. May you have a greatest 2013.
You must learn from your past mistakes, but not lean on your past successes.
Man has been adjudged a social animal.
Give me beauty in the inward soul; may the outward and the inward man be at one.
What makes loneliness an anguish is not that I have no one to share my burden, but this: I have only my own burden to bear.
Love is like an hourglass, with the heart filling up as the brain empties.
I am making amends and seeking forgiveness. My only hope is that some good can come out of my situation.
We must have a foreign policy which is based only on the long-term interests of our race, not on the interest of other races or on economic considerations or anything else.
There is often as much independence in not being led, as in not being driven.
Marlon was more of a formal zoo director type.
Whatever I do, it\'s my business. It\'s not my job to parent America.
He drew a circle that shut me out--Heretic, rebel, a thing to flout.But Love and I had the wit to win:We drew a circle that took him in.
People who know the least always argue the most.
There is time for work. And time for love. That leaves no other time.
Virtue cannot separate itself from reality without becoming a principle of evil.
A bad attitude is like a flat tire. You cant go anywhere until you change it
The thing that lies at the foundation of positive change, the way I see it, is service to a fellow human being.
Human potential, though not always apparent, is there waiting to be discovered and invited forth.
Be always lavish of your caresses, and sparing in your corrections.
Intuition is the clear conception of the whole at once.
Deviate an inch, lose a thousand miles.
Life is an instinct for growth, for survival, for the accumulation of forces, for power.
Love is like a cloud... love is like a dream... love is 1 word and everything in between... love is a fairytale come true... BCoz I found love when I found U. Happy valentines day
Some people are so afraid to die that they never begin to live.
The right man comes at the right time.
An infallible method of conciliating a tiger is to allow oneself to be devoured.
In the affairs of this world, men are saved, not by faith, but by the want of it.
I endeavor to be wise when I cannot be merry, easy when I cannot be glad, content with what cannot be mended and patient when there be no redress.
To fear the worst oft cures the worse.
The doom of a nation can be averted only by a storm of flowing passion, but only those who are passionate themselves can arouse passion in others.
Despair has its own calms.
Let us ask ourselves; What kind of people do we think we are?
I believe the future is only the past again, entered through another gate.
Every man is born to one possession which outvalues all his others-his last breath.
Death and love are the two wings that bear the good man to heaven.
These are days when no one should rely unduly on his competence. Strength lies in improvisation. All the decisive blows are struck left-handed.
Falsehood, like a nettle, stings those who meddle with it.
We will, in fact, be greeted as liberators.
Hanging is too good for him said Mr. Cruelty.
The old horse may die in someones keeping.
All things truly wicked start from an innocence.
I am the inferior of any man whose rights I trample underfoot.
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.
In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves.
What we call \"morals\" is simply blind obedience to words of command.
You never will be the person you can be if pressure, tension and discipline are taken out of your life.
Not everybody goes to movies to get their life changed.
Business is more exciting than any game.
A garden must combine the poetic and he mysterious with a feeling of serenity and joy.
Power lasts ten years; influence not more than a hundred.
One may return to the place of his birth, He cannot go back to his youth.
In our time political speech and writing are largely the defense of the indefensible.
Without dignity identity is erased. 
I am suffocated and lost when I have not the bright feeling of progression.
The longest you hide your feelings for someone, the more you fall for them.
The more we reduce ourselves to machines in the lower things, the more force we shall set free to use in the higher.
We enter the world alone, we leave the world alone.
People from a planet without flowers would think we must be mad with joy the whole time to have such things about us.
A learned fool is more a fool than an ignorant fool.
There is a serene and settled majesty to woodland scenery that enters into the soul and delights and elevates it, and fills it with noble inclinations.
It\'s not catastrophes, murders, deaths, diseases, that age and kill us; it\'s the way people look and laugh, and run up the steps of omnibuses.
Observe always that everything is the result of change, and get used to thinking that there is nothing Nature loves so well as to change existing forms and make new ones like them.
Not in the clamor of the crowded street, not in the shouts and plaudits of the throng, but in ourselves, are triumph and defeat.
Dont kiss behind the garden, Love is blind but the neighbours are not.
The most important thing in the Olympic Games is not winning but taking part; the essential thing in life is not conquering but fighting well.
Small service is true service, while it lasts.
The commonest fallacy among women is that simply having children makes them a mother - which is as absurd as believing that having a piano makes one a musician.
You behold a range of exhausted volcanoes. Not a flame flickers on a single pallid crest.
Modesty; the gentle art of enhancing your charm by pretending not to be aware of it.
Anniversary is repetition of promises made with each other, love gets stronger.
Take the tone of the company you are in.
The Word of God well understood and religiously obeyed is the shortest route to spiritual perfection. And we must not select a few favorite passages to the exclusion of others. Nothing less than a whole Bible can make a whole Christian.
Oblivion is the rule and fame the exception, of humanity.
Your capacity to keep your vow will depend on the purity of your life.
If the highest things are unknowable, then the highest capacity or virtue of man cannot be theoretical wisdom.
I say we are climbing out of a ditch and we are climbing up.
Art hurts. Art urges voyages - and it is easier to stay at home.
As a rock star, I have two instincts, I want to have fun, and I want to change the world. I have a chance to do both.
Be prepared, work hard, and hope for a little luck. Recognize that the harder you work and the better prepared you are, the more luck you might have.
The little windflower, whose just opened eye is blue as the spring heaven it gazes at.
Deliberation and debate is the way you stir the soul of our democracy.
In the groves of their academy, at the end of every vista, you see nothing but the gallows.
The tyrant is a child of Pride<BR>Who drinks from his sickening cup <BR>Recklessness and vanity<BR>Until from his high crest headlong<BR>He plummets to the dust of hope. 
With the amount of money I have, it\'s difficult raising children the way I was raised.
Attraction is the temporary love but love is the permanent attraction just a game of words but makes lot of difference in life.
A man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
Peace is a fragile thing. It takes courage to secure it. It takes wisdom to maintain it.
The difficulty is old, but none the less real. An omnipotent being who created a world containing evil not due to sin must Himself be at least partially evil.
There is creative reading as well as creative writing.
The aim of every artist is to arrest motion, which is life, by artificial means and hold it fixed so that a hundred years later, when a stranger looks at it, it moves again since it is life.
Every wall is a door.
This is the first step of love before entering into the married life. May you have lifetime happiness and fun! Happy Engagement.
The great paradox of the 21st century is that, in this age of powerful technology, the biggest problems we face internationally are problems of the human soul.
Hunters for gold or pursuers of fame they all had gone out on that stream bearing the sword and often the torch messengers of the might within the land bearers of a spark from the sacred fire. 
Story is honorable and trustworthy plot is shifty and best kept under house arrest. 
You have peace, the old woman said, when you make it with yourself.
Delay in vengeance delivers a heavier blow.
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.
Time and I against any two.
What is deservedly suffered must be borne with calmness, but when the pain is unmerited, the grief is resistless.
Proof is an idol before whom the pure mathematician tortures himself.
There are only two kinds of people we can call reasonable either those who serve God with their whole heart because they know him or those who search after him with all their heart because they do not know him. 
Milk the cow, but do not pull off the udder.
Managing is like holding a dove in your hand. Squeeze too hard and you kill it, not hard enough and it flies away.
If there exists no possibility of failure, then victory is meaningless.
We all write poems; it is simply that poets are the ones who write in words.
The legs are the wheels of creativity.
Jerrie Cobb reached down and pulled the heavy layers of arctic clothing over her navy blue linen dress.
It is a great consolation for me to remember that the Lord, to whom I had drawn near in humble and child-like faith, has suffered and died for me, and that He will look on me in love and compassion.
There is a fine line between censorship and good taste and moral responsibility.
A man is about as big as the things that make him angry.
It\'s wonderful to climb the liquid mountains of the sky. Behind me and before me is God and I have no fears.
Sanity is madness put to good use.
I do recommend it for all girls, and boys, out there: put on a pair of fishnet stockings and find your inner sexiness!
Life is like Facebook. People will like your problems & comment on them but no ones gonna solve them because everyone is busy in updating their.
Writers mean more than they say and say more than they mean.
Do not hold the delusion that your advancement is accomplished by crushing others.
Better keep yourself clean and bright; you are the window through which you must see the world.
Nothing is poorer than a truth expressed as it was thought. Committed to writing in such cases, it is not even a bad photograph. Truth wants to be startled abruptly, at one stroke, from her self-immersion, whether by uproar, music or cries for help.
You cant control everything. Sometimes you just need to relax & have faith that things will work out. Let go a little & just let life be.
Until I feared I would lose it, I never loved to read. One does not love breathing.
the deepest subjective experiences are also the most universal, because through them one reaches the universal source of life.
I have the people behind me and the people are my strength.
When you see a rattlesnake poised to strike you, do not wait until he has struck before you crush him.
I was too shy to go and meet Princess Diana.
Our Generation has had no Great war, no Great Depression. Our war is spiritual. Our depression is our lives.
February, when the days of winter seem endless and no amount of wistful recollecting can bring back any air of summer.
In formal logic, a contradiction is the signal of defeat, but in the evolution of real knowledge it marks the first step in progress toward a victory.
My mistakes have been my greatest mentors.
Today knowledge has power. It controls access to opportunity and advancement.
If you write satire, the guilty pleasure these days is that there\'s just so much material about. On the other hand, if you have a family it can be depressing.
Life is a festival only to the wise.
Our chief want is someone who will inspire us to be what we know we could be.
I believe in being an innovator.
If 50 million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing.
The only difference between Hitler and Bush is that Hitler was elected.
Water is the only drink for a wise man.
The white man is not indigenous to Africa. Africa is for Africans. Zimbabwe is for Zimbabweans.
The god of victory is said to be one-handed, but peace gives victory on both sides.
The man who never makes a mistake always takes orders from one who does. No man or woman who tries to pursue an ideal in his or her own way is without enemies.
Discretion is the perfection of reason, and a guide to us in all the duties of life.
Vengeance is a dish best eaten cold.
It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous.
Violent men have not been known in history to die to a man. They die up to a point.
The Bible should be taught, but emphatically not as reality. It is fiction, myth, poetry, anything but reality. As such it needs to be taught because it underlies so much of our literature and our culture.
The most difficult secret for a man to keep is his own opinion of himself.
Most sorts of diversion in men, children and other animals are an imitation of fighting.
A Day Without Laughter Is A Day Wasted.
Genius is an intellect that has become unfaithful to its destiny.
A pas de deux is a dialogue of love. How can there be conversation if one partner is dumb?
Alimony is like buying hay for a dead horse.
Giving is the master key to success, in all applications of human life.
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
If we do not maintain justice, justice will not maintain us.
There\'s no abiding success without commitment.
I am poor and naked, but I am the chief of the nation. We do not want riches but we do want to train our children right. Riches would do us no good. We could not take them with us to the other world. We do not want riches. We want peace and love.
The sun is new each day.
The man who has no imagination has no wings.
How can you govern a country which has 246 varieties of cheese?
Scientific knowledge is in perpetual evolution; it finds itself changed from one day to the next.
You know, sitting in the car when they got back in and - first of all, it was relief. I was not - there were two get away cars or switch cars they were called. And, you know, the group tended to include everyone.
Despise the enemy strategically, but take him seriously tactically.
Money grows on the tree of persistence.
Let me ask you one question<BR>Is your money that good<BR>Will it buy you forgiveness<BR>Do you think that it could<BR>I think you will find<BR>When your death takes its toll<BR>All the money you made<BR>Will never buy back your soul 
Immortality is not a gift, Immortality is an achievement; And only those who strive mightily Shall possess it.
Look into the eyes of a chicken and you will see real stupidity. It is a kind of bottomless stupidity, a fiendish stupidity. They are the most horrifying, cannibalistic and nightmarish creatures in the world.
A pessimist is one who, when he has the choice of two evils, chooses both.
The whole world is about three drinks behind.
The computer is a moron.
In matters of truth and justice, there is no difference between large and small problems, for issues concerning the treatment of people are all the same.
In a sad twist of fate, the bill to reauthorize the Patriot Act was debated on the floor of the House of Representatives the same day that terrorists struck again.
I merely took the energy it takes to pout and wrote some blues.
A man must not deny his manifest abilities, for that is to evade his obligations.
Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen.
Avoid witicisms at the expense of others.
Success plus Self-esteem equals Pretensions.
If you cannot win, make the one ahead of you break the record.
Merchants have no country. The mere spot they stand on does not constitute so strong an attachment as that from which they draw their gains.
When a dog barks at the moon, then it is religion; but when he barks at strangers, it is patriotism!
People who dont know me always think I am quiet. People who do know me. wish I was :)
I suppose that\'s one of the ironies of life doing the wrong thing at the right moment.
The police must obey the law while enforcing the law.
You don\'t play against opponents, you play against the game of basketball.
Envy and wrath shorten the life. Ecclesiasticus
Something of vengeance I had tasted for the first time; as aromatic wine it seemed, on swallowing, warm and racy: its after-flavour, metallic and corroding, gave me a sensation as if I had been poisoned.
To be a person is to have a story to tell.
Never despair, but if you do, work on in despair.
A good bookshop is just a genteel Black Hole that knows how to read.
Innovation is the central issue in economic prosperity.
The tongue like a sharp knife... Kills without drawing blood.
I think if you do something and it turns out pretty good, then you should go do something else wonderful, not dwell on it for too long. Just figure out what
As far as feeling freedom in my career now versus five years ago... I think if I feel any more free it\'s simply because of the experiences that I\'ve had, and the wisdom I\'ve accumulated from that time.
We become wiser by adversity; prosperity destroys our appreciation of the right.
All intellectual improvement arises from leisure.
Simple solutions seldom are. It takes a very unusual mind to undertake analysis of the obvious.
Ideas are more powerful than guns. We would not let our enemies have guns, why should we let them have ideas.
We must move away from our dependency on fossil fuels, and I am glad that GM has invested over $1 billion in hydrogen fuel cells cars to meet this goal.
There have been two great accidents in my life. One was the trolley, and the other was Diego. Diego was by far the worst.
There is nothing so desperately monotonous as the sea, and I no longer wonder at the cruelty of pirates.
No matter how good or bad your life is, wake up each morning and be thankful that you still have one. Good Morning
It is not the horse that draws the cart, but the oats.
Can I have a look at Uranus too, Lavender?
When a man tells you he got rich through hard work, ask him: Whose?
Dont say it if you dont mean it.
There are two ways of lying. One, not telling the truth and the other, making up statistics.
I am an ordinary person who has been blessed with extraordinary opportunities and experiences. Today is one of those experiences.
This happiness consisted of nothing else but the harmony of the few things around me with my own existence, a feeling of contentment and well-being that needed no changes and no intensification.
The longer you wait for something, the more you appreciate it when you get it, because anything worth having is definitely worth waiting for
A man who knows a subject thoroughly, a man so soaked in it that he eats it, sleeps it and dreams it-this man can always teach it with success, no matter how little he knows of technical pedagogy.
When Communist U.S.S.R. was a superpower, the world was better off. The right-wing media is trying to marginalize the peace movement.
Getting to play superheros is a pretty good job.
Truth will ultimately prevail where there are plans taken to bring it to light.
Much good work is lost for the lack of a little more.
Death would not be called bad, O people, if one knew how to truly die.
Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness.
A page of history is worth a pound of logic.
Ensuring a bright future for all our children is the responsibility of the community, the schools, families and like it or not- politicians as well.
Learning and sex until rigor mortis.
Beauty and grace command the world.
If you want to run, run a mile. If you want to experience a different life, run a marathon.
If evil is inevitable, how are the wicked accountable? Nay, why do we call men wicked at all? Evil is inevitable, but is also remediable.
What do the Chinese call a 69? Twocanchew
Success is a decision not a gift. 
If your cup seems too bitter, if your burden seems to heavy, be sure that it is the wounded hand that is holding the cup, and that it is me who carried the cross that is carrying the burden.
Religion is something left over from the infancy of our intelligence, it will fade away as we adopt reason and science as our guidelines.
Mr. Lely, I desire you would use all your skill to paint my picture truly like me, and not flatter me at all; but remark all these roughnesses, pimples, warts, and everything as you see me, otherwise I will never pay a farthing for it.
The most destructive habit......................Worry
Few things are brought to a successful issue by impetuous desire, but most by calm and prudent forethought.
All the truth in the world adds up to one big lie.
Often undecided whether to desert a sinking ship for one that might not float, he would make up his mind to sit on the wharf for a day.
It takes no imagination to live within your means.
You can calculate the worth of a man by the number of his enemies, and the importance of a work of art by the harm that is spoken of it.
Strip the proud nobility of their bloated estates, reduce them to a level with plain republicans, send forth to labor, and teach their children to enter the workshops or handle the plow, and you will thus humble proud traitors.
I never approve, or disapprove, of anything now. It is an absurd attitude to take towards life. We are not sent into the world to air our moral prejudices. I never take any notice of what common people say, and I never interfere with what charming people do.
A patient mind is the best remedy for trouble.
But remember please, the Law by which we live, we are not built to comprehend a lie, we can neither love nor pity nor forgive. If you make a slip in handling us you die.
It is easier to prevent bad habits than to break them.
Animals are reliable, many full of love, true in their affections, predictable in their actions, grateful and loyal. Difficult standards for people to live up to.
Sometimes the only soul that can mend a broken heart is the one that broke it. For they are the ones holding all the pieces. 
Never force someone to love you. Let that person perfectly fall because, its nicer to let gravity do the motion than to forcely grab affection without attraction.
In a happy marriage it is the wife who provides the climate, the husband the landscape.
Value your freedom or you will lose it, teaches history. \'Don\'t bother us with politics\', respond those who don\'t want to learn.
If one only wished to be happy, this could be easily accomplished; but we wish to be happier that other people, and this is always difficult, for we believe others to be happier than they are.
So I saw many planets, and they looked just a little bit brighter than they do from Earth.
Fire is the test of gold; adversity, of strong men.
I am ashamed to see what a shallow village tale our so-called history is.
A fool always finds a greater fool to admire him.
You have to fill your cup. You then give away the overflowing, but you keep a cupful for yourself.
A happy wife is a happy life.
Poetry is plucking at the heartstrings, and making music with them.
Every man alone is sincere. At the entrance of a second person, hypocrisy begins.
Life is a tragedy full of joy.
The doctrine of blind obedience and unqualified submission to any human power, whether civil or ecclesiastical, is the doctrine of despotism, and ought to have no place among Republicans and Christians.
Lean forward into your life...catch the best bits and the finest wind. Just tip your feathers in flight a wee bit and see how dramatically that small lean can change your life.
More and more, revolution has found itself delivered into the hands of its bureaucrats and doctrinaires on the one hand, and to the enfeebled and bewildered masses on the other.
The craftiest trickery are too short and ragged a cloak to cover a bad heart.
There is far too much law for those who can afford it and far too little for those who cannot.
An athlete cannot run with money in his pockets. He must run with hope in his heart and dreams in his head.
If you think you are doing the right thing, chances are it will back-fire in your face.
The secret of life is to have a task, something you devote your entire life to, something you bring everything to, every minute of the day for the rest of your life. And the most important thing is, it must be something you cannot possibly do.
Hardly a competent workman can be found who does not devote a considerable amount of time to studying just how slowly he can work and still convince his employer that he is going at a good pace.
Truth is a naked and open daylight
History, despite its wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, but if faced with courage, need not be lived again.
As a single withered tree, if set aflame, causes a whole forest to burn, so does a rascal son destroy a whole family.
The dinosaurs became extinct because they didnt have a space program. And if we become extinct because we dont have a space program itll serve us right 
The wisest have the most authority.
I like to pay taxes.  With them, I buy civilization.
I have learned through bitter experience the one supreme lesson to conserve my anger, and as heat conserved is transmitted into energy, even so our anger controlled can be transmitted into a power that can move the world.
Politics is when you say you are going to do one thing while intending to do another. Then you do neither what you said nor what you intended.
Being left alone, with my mind, is actually quite dangerous
A boomerang returns back to the person who throws it.<BR><BR>But first while moving in a circle it hits its target.<BR><BR>So does gossip. 
What by a straight path cannot be reached by crooked ways is never won.
The will is a beast of burden. If God mounts it, it wishes and goes as God wills; if Satan mounts it, it wishes and goes as Satan wills; Nor can it choose its rider... the riders contend for its possession.
Is it not careless to become too local when there are four hundred billion stars in our galaxy alone.
Glory follows virtue as if it were its shadow.
Hear one side and you will be in the dark. Hear both and all will be clear.
People who cannot find time for recreation are obliged sooner or later to find time for illness.
I do not care what comes after; I have seen the dragons on the wind of morning.
Sometimes when things go wrong its because they would have turned out worse if they had gone right.
If you are living out of a sense of obligation you are slave.
Envy is an insult to oneself.
Science cannot solve the ultimate mystery of nature. And that is because, in the last analysis, we ourselves are a part of the mystery that we are trying to solve.
And when an architect has designed a house with large windows, which is a necessity today in order to pull the daylight into these very deep houses, then curtains come to play a big role in architecture.
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use.
It is energy-the central element of which is will-that produces the miracles of enthusiasm in all ages. Everywhere it is the mainspring of what is called force of character and the sustaining power of all great action.
As I grow older and olderAnd totter towards the tomb,I find I care less and lessWho goes to bed with whom.
For as long as I can remember I have suffered from a deep feeling of anxiety which I have tried to express in my art.
It took me a long time not to judge myself through someone else\'s eyes.
The only thing chicken about Israel is their soup.
I will never forget you, but I will try not to remember you again..
I dont know where I stand with you. And I dont know what I mean to you. All I know is everytime I think of you, all I wanna do is be with you.
Everyone should be respected as an individual, but no one idolized.
Fear created the first gods in the world.
Only he that has traveled the road knows where the holes are deep.
We have 2 hands, legs, eyes and ears but only 1 heart? Bcoz other one is given to someone else. Go and find it.
Only actions give life strength; only moderation gives it charm.
It was a challenge to my teammates to help me.
A hero is a man who does what he can.
Breed is stronger than pasture.
This is one of those cases in which the imagination is baffled by the facts.
One who has lost confidence can lose nothing more.
Climate change is happening, humans are causing it, and I think this is perhaps the most serious environmental issue facing us.
Men for the sake of getting a living forget to live.
I\'m not wise, but the beginning of wisdom is there; it\'s like relaxing into - and an acceptance of - things.
Those that marry for money sell their liberty.
There is nothing greater in this world than being loving parents. So take the first step today by getting married. Think different, do different!
Conventional wisdom notwithstanding, there is no reason either in football or in poetry why the two should not meet in a man\'s life if he has the weight and cares about the words.
Don\'t force your kids into sports. I never was. To this day, my dad has never asked me to go play golf. I ask him. It\'s the child\'s desire to play that matters, not the parent\'s desire to have the child play. Fun. Keep it fun.
Mi neva mean to. You haffi believe me.
A funny thing happened to me on the way to the White House.
It is well, I die hard, but I am not afraid to go.
Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities.
Sin, guilt, neurosis-they are one and the same, the fruit of the tree of knowledge.
Humanity has won its battle. Liberty now has a country.
Friends make pretence of following to the grave but before one is in it, their minds are turned and making the best of their way back to life and living people and things they understand.
I like going to Church for aesthetic reasons, rather than spiritual ones.
God, life changes faster than you think.
In silence and movement you can show the reflection of people.
Prudence is the necessary ingredient in all the virtues, without which they degenerate into folly and excess.
Most people have the will to win, few have the will to prepare to win.
Skepticism is the beginning of Faith.
Oral delivery aims at persuasion and making the listener believe they are converted. Few persons are capable of being convinced; the majority allow themselves to be persuaded.
I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.
I think my books come out very visual, which is an obvious consequence.
Babies are such a nice way to start people.
I believe in prayer and in strong belief.
We must all hang together, or most assuredly we shall all hang separately.
Democracy is only a dream: it should be put in the same category as Arcadia, Santa Claus, and Heaven.
Silence is the virtue of fools.
Always do more than is required of you.
Wisdom is oftentimes nearer when we stoop than when we soar.
No man can lose what he never had.
I believe that a man is the strongest soldier for daring to die unarmed.
It is a strange thing, but when you are dreading something, and would give anything to slow down time, it has a disobliging habit of speeding up.
Most Americans think Abner Doubleday invented the game but he had little or nothing to do with cricket.
I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.
Out of nothing I have created a strange new universe.
It\'s useless to hold a person to anything he says while he\'s in love, drunk, or running for office.
The wide world is all before us - but a world without a friend.
Nothing makes us so lonely as our secrets.
A country cannot subsist well without liberty, nor liberty without virtue.
Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide.
Life is a constant oscillation between the sharp horns of dilemmas.
The first day one is a guest, the second a burden, and the third a pest.
Of what significance are the things you can forget.
I went to the store and bought lady fingers, when I got home I noticed one of the fingers was missing so I went back to the store and the manager was nice enough to give me the finger.
Living in dreams of yesterday, we find ourselves still dreaming of impossible future conquests.
The humblest citizen of all the land, when clad in the armor of a righteous cause, is stronger than all the hosts of error.
The best way to torture people is with your happiness. Theres nothing people hate more than seeing you be successful.
I met Hilary Vaughan at a Student Ball in 1944 and we married in the summer of 1946, as soon as I graduated.
Such is the brutalization of commercial ethics in this country that no one can feel anything more delicate than the velvet touch of a soft buck.
Expect trouble as an inevitable part of life and repeat to yourself, the most comforting words of all; this, too, shall pass.
Why pay a dollar for a bookmark? Why not use the dollar for a bookmark?
life kicks you around sometimes. It scares you and it beats you up. But there is one day when you realize youre not just a survivor. Youre a fighter. Youre tougher than anything life throws your way
Absolute virtue is impossible and the republic of forgiveness leads, with implacable logic, to the republic of the guillotine.
Often he who does too much does too little.
The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
There are two reasons for drinking: one is, when you are thirsty, to cure it; the other, when you are not thirsty, to prevent it.
Sometimes?we just need someone who is like a pencil with an eraser. To write happiness and erase all sadness.
Love me for a second, and I will make that second last a lifetime.
God created a number of possibilities in case some of his prototypes failed - that is the meaning of evolution.
Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn.
If you wish to win a man over to your ideas, first make him your friend.
I am lucky to have three daughters who are completely different. I look at my daughters and I have different relationships with all three and there are parts of each personality that are very special.
Speakers who talk about what life has taught them never fail to keep the attention of their listeners.
My tastes are aristocratic, my actions democratic.
If you have a warm and caring heart youre loved ones will ensure you never depart. For long after youve turned that final page youll still be right there on center stage. 
We all have a dinosaur deep within us just trying to get out.
Anything becomes interesting if you look at it long enough.
It is unfair to believe everything we hear about lawyers, some of it might not be true.
Freedom is nothing else but a chance to be better.
The ambassador was never present, but his presence was never absent.
There is no such thing as chance; and what seem to us merest accident springs from the deepest source of destiny.
I dont need a perfect one. I just need someone who can make me feel that I am the only one.
We have confused the free with the free and easy.
Let honor be to us as strong an obligation as necessity is to others.
Man seems to be a rickety poor sort of thing, any way you take him; a kind of British Museum of infirmities and inferiorities. He is always undergoing repairs. A machine that was as unreliable as he is would have no market.
There are no absolute rules of conduct, either in peace or war. Everything depends on circumstances.
In Romanticism, the main determinant is the mood, the atmosphere. And in that regard, you could also describe Schubert as a Romantic.
Be careful not to mistake insecurity and inadequacy for humility Humility has nothing to do with the insecure and inadequate Just like arrogance has nothing to do with greatness 
Change brings opportunity.
They are sick in their minds. They say they brought 65 tanks into center of city. I say to you this talk is not true. This is part of their sick mind.
And in that moment, I swear we were infinite.
Go softly and look afar.
Strike against war, for without you no battles can be fought!
Gossip is the art of saying nothing in a way that leaves practically nothing unsaid.
I wish to have no connection with any ship that does not sail fast; for I intend to go in harms way.
If you can dream it, then you can achieve it. You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want.
When I was young there was no respect for the young, and now that I am old there is no respect for the old. I missed out coming and going.
The safe way to double your money is to fold it over once and put it in your pocket.
All say, How hard it is that we have to die -- a strange complaint to come from the mouths of people who have had to live.
Grace means the free, unmerited, unexpected love of God, and all the benefits, delights, and comforts which flow from it. It means that while we were sinners and enemies we have been treated as sons and heirs.
Except when war is waged in a desert, noncombatants, also known as civilians or \"the people,\" constitute the great majority of those affected.
Each organism, no matter how simple or complex, has around it a sacred bubble of space, a bit of mobile territoriality which only a few other organisms are allowed to penetrate and then only for short periods of time.
Logic is in the eye of the logician.
Dont change your body to get respect from society. Instead lets change society to respect our bodies. 
Before I would hurt a child, I would slit my wrists.
Stay ready and you wont have to get ready.
I know you\'ve heard it a thousand times before. But it\'s true - hard work pays off. If you want to be good, you have to practice, practice, practice. If you don\'t love something, then don\'t do it.
Man is an intelligence, not served by, but in servitude to his organs.
Life is like unto a long journey with a heavy burden.
I sighed as a lover, I obeyed as a son.
It is remarkable how easily and insensibly we fall into a particular route, and make a beaten track for ourselves.
Much of the wisdom of one age is the folly of the next.
The Bee Gees no longer exist.
No, I think it taught me to be independent and never expect a handout and never wait for anybody to hand you anything in any aspect of my life.
I should say the house shelters daydreaming the house protects the dreamer the house allows one to dream in peace. 
Freedom is for everyone. Or no one.
I always tell people that I became a writer not because I went to school but because my mother took me to the library. I wanted to become a writer so I could see my name in the card catalog.
Journalist: a person without any ideas but with an ability to express them; a writer whose skill is improved by a deadline: the more time he has, the worse he writes.
Detroit, the heart of the country... I grew up on 10 Mile, 2 miles better than 8 Mile.
The fact that the Arctic, more than any other populated region of the world, requires the collaboration of so many disciplines and points of view to be understood at all, is a benefit rather than a burden.
No man ever loved like Jesus. He taught the blind to see and the dumb to speak. He died on the cross to save us. He bore our sins. And now God says, Because He did, I can forgive you.
There are many people who feel that it is useless and futile to continue talking about peace and non-violence against a government whose only reply is savage attacks on an unarmed and defenceless people.
Its easy to forgive the mistakes from others. But its hard to rebuild the trust.
I did a film once that I was killed in. It was a painful, horrifying day. It was a wonderful day from the standpoint of acting, but I was a wreck otherwise.
We cannot tear out a single page of our life, but we can throw the whole book in the fire.
We\'ve climbed the mighty mountain. I see the valley below, and it\'s a valley of peace.
Women have to harness their power - its absolutely true. It\'s just learning not to take the first no. And if you can\'t go straight ahead, you go around the corner.
Faced with crisis, the man of character falls back on himself. He imposes his own stamp of action, takes responsibility for it, makes it his own.
You must have been warned against letting the golden hours slip by; but some of them are golden only because we let them slip by.
To make someone happy, give them three things: Attention, Affection and Appreciation.
He who shoots often, hits at last.
The greatest evil which fortune can inflict on men is to endow them with small talents and great ambition.
What has marked Chinese society is its level of cruelty, not just revolutions and wars. We ought to reject it totally, otherwise in another upheaval there will be further cruelty.
In Mexico you have death very close. That\'s true for all human beings because it\'s a part of life, but in Mexico, death can be found in many things.
Cunning is the art of concealing our own defects, and discovering other people\'s weaknesses.
Movies are all about plot. Theater, even if it\'s story heavy, it\'s about ideas.
The most fatal illusion is the settled point of view. Life is growth and motion; a fixed point of view kills anybody who has one.
Even the fear of death is dispelled by music.
I hate everybody.
There are 4 very important words in life. Love, Honesty, Truth and Respect. Without these in your life, you have nothing.
Women are responsible for their children, they cannot sit back, waste time and see them starve.
An empire is an immense egotism.
They are ill discoverers that think there is no land, when they can see nothing but sea.
Country has been a wonderful outlet for me.
An artist, in my understanding of the word, should side with the people against the Emperor that oppresses his or her people.
There is an important difference between love and friendship. While the former delights in extremes and opposites, the latter demands equality.
We often pass from love to ambition, but we hardly ever return from ambition to love.
Grief is the agony of an instant. The indulgence of grief the blunder of a life.
The camera introduces us to unconscious optics as does psychoanalysis to unconscious impulses.
It is our task in our time and in our generation to hand down undiminished to those who come after us, as was handed down to us by those who went before, the natural wealth and beauty which is ours.
Never Have Your Dog Stuffed is really advice to myself, a reminder to myself not to avoid change or uncertainty, but to go with it, to surf into change.
Social media allows me to pick my times for social interaction.
Love is the greatest refreshment in life.
On the other hand, always aim to be the best in what you do and give 100%.
Cessation of work is not accompanied by cessation of expenses.
The first time you see Winston Churchill you see all his faults and the rest of your life you spend discovering his virtues.
If you think of standardization as the best that you know today, but which is to be improved tomorrow-you get somewhere.
The English may not like music, but they absolutely love the noise it makes.
It is awesome to feel you are carrying on the family name.
It is no use painting the foot of the tree white, the strength of the bark cries out from beneath the paint.
Grudges are for those who insist that they are owed something forgiveness however is for those who are substantial enough to move on. 
Friendship is two-sided. It isn\'t a friend just because someone\'s doing something nice for you. That\'s a nice person. There\'s friendship when you do for each other. It\'s like marriage - it\'s two-sided.
The jack-of-all-trades seldom is good at any. Concentrate all of your efforts on one definite chief aim.
Girls who say a lot of guys are after me? should remember that cheap prices attract many costumers.
Every great work of art has two faces, one toward its own time and one toward the future, toward eternity.
Freedom is more than just a word and a patriotic concept. It is the purest intent of God.
There?are only two possibilities why youre disappointed: wrong person or wrong expectation.
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
Our dreams drench us in senses, and senses steps us again in dreams.
People think computers will keep them from making mistakes. They\'re wrong. With computers you make mistakes faster.
Confront them with annihilation, and they will then survive; plunge them into a deadly situation, and they will then live. When people fall into danger, they are then able to strive for victory.
Life was simple before World War II. After that, we had systems.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
Improvement begins with I.
Somehow the people who do as they please seem to get along just about as well as those who are always trying to please others.
I cannot remember the books Ive read any more than the meals I have eaten even so they have made me. 
After all, is football a game or a religion?
I have come to the conclusion that politics are too serious a matter to be left to politicians.
There is a false modesty, which is vanity; a false glory, which is levity; a false grandeur, which is meanness; a false virtue, which is hypocrisy, and a false wisdom, which is prudery.
Sometimes my life opened its eyes in the dark. A feeling as if crowds drew through the streets in blindness and anxiety on the way towards a miracle, while I invisibly remain standing.
A thorough knowledge of the Bible is worth more than a college education.
Society cannot share a common communication system so long as it is split into warring factions.
Privatization came on slowly. When something very big happens, like privatization, historians and economists like to think you must have had very big causes. That is not how it happened.
One single positive dream is more important than a thousand negative realities.
A king only bows down to his queen.
Men who never get carried away should be.
Fishing is a delusion entirely surrounded by liars in old clothes.
Still a Union that can only be maintained by swords and bayonets, and in which strife and civil war are to take the place of brotherly love and kindness, has no charm for me.
Over billions of years on a unique sphere, chance has painted a thin covering of life - complex, improbable, wonderful and fragile.
The only weapon that becomes sharper with constant use is the tongue.
You have to remember all the time that there is a comical side to everything.
Every good bye makes the next hello closer.
Just remember, calling someone stupid is not going to make you any smarter.
The subject of history is the life of peoples and of humanity. To catch and pin down in words--that is, to describe directly the life, not only of humanity, but even of a single people, appears to be impossible.
Why abandon a belief merely because it ceases to be true? Cling to it long enough and... it will turn true again, for so it goes. Most of the change we think we see in life is due to truths being in and out of favor.
I believe and I say it is true Democratic feeling, that all the measures of the Government are directed to the purpose of making the rich richer and the poor poorer.
Doubt is not a pleasant mental state, but certainty is a ridiculous one.
I would like to be the air that inhabits you for a moment only. I would like to be that unnoticed and that necessary.
My conscience hath a thousand several tongues, and every tongue brings in a several tale, and every tale condemns me for a villain.
No one has been barred on account of his race from fighting or dying for America, there are no white or colored signs on the foxholes or graveyards of battle.
As soon as I started writing Julia, by which I mean while writing its first sentence, I felt a sudden, reassuring charge of excitement. I knew it was going to work.
Life is a risk.
For other nations, utopia is a blessed past never to be recovered; for Americans it is just beyond the horizon.
Conscience is the sentinel of virtue.
Nothing is so strong as gentleness, and nothing is so gentle as real strength.
Conceit is incompatible with understanding.
Of all the sexual aberrations, chastity is the strangest.
Talk unbelief, and you will have unbelief; but talk faith, and you will have faith. According to the seed sown will be the harvest.
There are places and moments in which one is so completely alone that one sees the world entire.
A living thing is distinguished from a dead thing by the multiplicity of the changes at any moment taking place in it.
The right of conscience and private judgment is unalienable, and it is truly the interest of all mankind to unite themselves into one body for the liberty, free exercise, and unmolested enjoyment of this right.
I wish it were as easy to forget you as it was to love you.
The only reason I would take up jogging is so that I could hear heavy breathing again.
Two roads diverged in a wood and I - I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.
The real ornament of woman is her character, her purity.
Good weed white wine I come alive in the night time.
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.
It was that kind of a crazy afternoon, terrifically cold, and no sun out or anything, and you felt like you were disappearing every time you crossed a road.
The only way to support a revolution is to make your own.
A beautiful face is a silent commendation. Happy Valentines Day
I wasn\'t sure how my dad would react. There was an agent sitting behind them and he told me he was embarrassed to watch the scenes. My parents have always been very open. They trust my decisions.
Disillusion is a natural stage that follows the holding of an illusion.
Religion was nearly dead because there was no longer real belief in future life; but something was struggling to take its place - service - social service - the ants creed, the bees creed.
The Puritan hated bear-baiting, not because it gave pain to the bear, but because it gave pleasure to the spectators.
O wise man! Give your wealth only to the worthy and never to others. The water of the sea received by the clouds is always sweet.
We did not find it difficult to deal with Bush and his administration, because it is similar to regimes in our countries - both types include many who are full of arrogance and greed.
This was good training for research, because large parts of experimental work are sometimes boring or involve the use of skills in which one is not particularly gifted.
Belief is a wise wager. Granted that faith cannot be proved, what harm will come to you if you gamble on its truth and it proves false? If you gain, you gain all; if you lose, you lose nothing. Wager, then, without hesitation, that He exists.
A thing moderately good is not so good as it ought to be. Moderation in temper is always a virtue; but moderation in principle is always a vice.
Yet each man kills the thing he loves from all let this be heard some does it with a bitter look some with a flattering word the coward does it with a kiss the brave man with the sword.
States are not moral agents, people are, and can impose moral standards on powerful institutions.
Absolute truth belongs to Thee alone.
He does not weep who does not see.
Sometimes all you need in life is someone to wrap their arms around you, hold you tight and assure you that everything is going to be just fine..
I\'m not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I\'m not dumb... and I also know that I\'m not blonde.
Democracy is the only system that persists in asking the powers that be whether they are the powers that ought to be.
Imagination is not a talent of some men, but is the health of every man.
A good discourse is that from which nothing can be retrenched without cutting into the quick.
Compliments cost nothing, yet many pay dear for them.
So many tangles in life are ultimately hopeless that we have no appropriate sword other than laughter.
One was never married, and that\'s his hell; another is, and that\'s his plague.
Fear is proof of a degenerate mind.
I think that in order for music to be heard in a lot of different situations you have to always consider that.
The judicial system is the most expensive machine ever invented for finding out what happened and what to do about it.
Wishful thinking is one thing, and reality another.
Beauty may be skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone.
Tell me with whom thou art found, and I will tell thee who thou art.
Mankind is poised midway between the gods and the beasts.
What TV is extremely good at - and realize that this is all it does - is discerning what large numbers of people think they want, and supplying it.
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.
The more one pleases generally, the less one pleases profoundly.
You can only end a negotiation for peace if you begin it.
The father figure is something I love, but also suffocate from and want to work against.
A hallucination is a fact, not an error; what is erroneous is a judgment based upon it.
Most of my books have been written in the form of fantasy.
Love ceases to be a pleasure when it ceases to be a secret.
Let us not love in word or talk but in deed and in truth.
Pride may be allowed to this or that degree, else a man cannot keep up his dignity.
The bed is now as public as the dinner table and governed by the same rules of formal confrontation.
One ought never to allow a disorder to take place in order to avoid war, for war is not thereby avoided, but only deferred to your disadvantage.
Do not squander time for that is the stuff life is made of.
Who travels for love finds a thousand miles not longer than one.
We\'ve got to put a lot of money into changing behavior.
I dont change , i just grew up. You should try it once ;)
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.
Home, the spot of earth supremely blest, A dearer, sweeter spot than all the rest.
Maybe it is worth investigating the unknown, if only because the very feeling of not knowing is a painful one.
Those things which I am saying now may be obscure, yet they will be made clearer in their proper place.
If you dont stand for something you will fall for anything. 
The things hardest to bear are sweetest to remember.
The tougher the job, the greater the reward.
Even if you are a minority of one, the truth is the truth.
People call me a feminist whenever I express sentiments that differentiate me from a doormat or a prostitute.
Can anybody remember when the times were not hard, and money not scarce?
While it may take generations of nurturing, nations founded on and grounded in freedom will eventually overcome and prosper. Once free, folks rarely accept anything less, and that includes Iraqis.
Life is too awesome to waste your time thinking about someone who doesnt treat you right.
We too often bind ourselves by authorities rather than by the truth.
Nothing good bursts forth all at once. The lightning may dart out of a black cloud; but the day sends his bright heralds before him, to prepare the world for his coming.
Welcome, O life! I go to encounter for the millionth time the reality of experience and to forge in the smithy of my soul the uncreated conscience of my race.
Without risk, faith is an impossibility.
Nonviolence is the first article of my faith. It is also the last article of my creed.
Doubt is the brother of shame.
Have I not commanded you? Be strong and courageous. Do not tremble or be dismayed, for the Lord your God is with you wherever you go. Joshua 1:9
Alas! they had been friends in youth; but whispering tongues can poison truth.
The trouble with a kitten is   That     Eventually it becomes a    Cat.
Only mediocrities progress. An artist revolves in a cycle of masterpieces, the first of which is no less perfect than the last.
Stop rehearsing the pain of your past. Its time to write the rest of your script.
Warm weather fosters growth: cold weather destroys it. Thus a man with an unsympathetic temperament has a scant joy: but a man with a warm and friendly heart overflowing blessings, and his beneficence will extend to posterity
Our meaning is to make our little planet Earth a better place to live, to stop wars, disarm nuclear missiles, to stop diseases, AIDS, plague, cancer and to stop pollution.
The only menace is inertia.
The Earth is beautiful, and bright, and kindly, but that is not all. The Earth is also terrible, and dark, and cruel.
The political machine triumphs because it is a united minority acting against a divided majority.
If you want a golden rule that will fit everything, this is it: Have nothing in your houses that you do not know to be useful or believe to be beautiful.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
Stop believing and start knowing. Trust in you. Trust in truth.
The great art of learning is to understand but little at a time.
The beginning of love is a horror of emptiness.
Intelligence entails a strong mind but genius entails a heart of a lion in tune with a strong mind. 
I am not proud but I am happy and happiness blinds I think more than pride. 
Technological progress is like an axe in the hands of a pathological criminal.
I would go to the deeps a hundred times to cheer a downcast spirit. It is good for me to have been afflicted, that I might know how to speak a word in season to one that is weary.
Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success.
The question is not, \"Can they reason?\" nor, \"Can they talk?\" but rather, \"Can they suffer?\"
I think one country with nuclear weapons is one country too many.
Whereas it has long been known and declared that the poor have no right to the property of the rich, I wish it also to be known and declared that the rich have no right to the property of the poor.
Wisdom is the knowledge of good and evil, not the strength to choose between the two.
Commerce is the great civilizer. We exchange ideas when we exchange fabrics.
It is certain, in any case, that ignorance, allied with power, is the most ferocious enemy justice can have.
But as the Pope has a long arm, which might reach me in France, I have gone a little out of the way to tell him the plain truths contained in these pages.
A benevolent man should allow a few faults in himself, to keep his friends in countenance.
Hate is not the opposite of love; apathy is.
Autumn wins you best by this its mute appeal to sympathy for its decay.
I would like to say to people, open your eyes and find beauty where you normally don\'t expect it.
I cannot emphasize enough the importance of a good teacher.
If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.
My biggest weakness is my sensitivity. I am too sensitive a person.
A true personality . . . is like a robust organism that, with unconscious sureness, seeks out and digests the nourishment appropriate to it and vigorously rejects that which is unsuitable.
Plus I love Tanya Tucker and I love country music.
I love the way you walk, talk and laugh.
The wisdom of God devised a way for the love of God to deliver sinners from the wrath of God while not compromising the righteousness of God.
Borrowing is not much better than begging; just as lending with interest is not much better than stealing.
Every love song makes me cry bcoz every love song reminds me of you.
If you cannot solve it, it is not a problem, Its reality.
All round the room my silent servants wait, My friends in every season, bright and dim.
Music is everybody\'s possession. It\'s only publishers who think that people own it.
People who get involved with the success of something have to be given at least some share of that success.
We are at war between consciousness and nature, between the desire for permanence and the fact of flux. It is ourself against ourselves.
As for accomplishments, I just did what I had to do as things came along.
I never said I want to be alone. I only said I want to be <EM>let<EM> alone There is all the difference. 
True wisdom is less presuming than folly. The wise man doubteth often, and changeth his mind; the fool is obstinate, and doubteth not; he knoweth all things but his own ignorance.
What a piece of work is a man, how noble in reason, how infinite in faculties, in form and moving how express and admirable, in action how like an angel, in apprehension how like a god.
I think I was the best baseball player I ever saw.
Regret for wasted time is more wasted time.
Math is like love -- a simple idea but it can get complicated.
Almost nobody dances sober, unless they happen to be insane.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can\'t do a thing, you\'re right.
You cannot milk a cow with your hands in your pockets.
Experience without theory is blind, but theory without experience is mere intellectual play.
A useless life is an early death.
You\'re just left with yourself all the time, whatever you do anyway. You\'ve got to get down to your own God in your own temple. It\'s all down to you, mate.
The sexual embrace can only be compared with music and with prayer.
He who limps is still walking.
A strong and secure man digests his experiences (deeds and misdeeds alike) just as he digests his meat, even when he has some bits to swallow.
Education... has produced a vast population able to read but unable to distinguish what is worth reading.
Praise God, from whom all blessings flow! Praise Him, all creatures here below! Praise Him above, ye heavenly host! Praise Father, Son, and Holy Ghost!
The ultimate test of a moral society is the kind of world that it leaves to its children.
Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness.
Whenever in future wars the battle is fought, armored troops will play the decisive role.
Value is determined by the price paid for an object jesus used his blood to purchase you that determines your value.
A publisher should always be on the receiving end. He should take an interest in almost any subject and remain anonymous, letting the author take center stage.
A tornado of thought is unleashed after each new insight. This in turn results in an earthquake of assumptions. These are natural disasters that reshape the spirit. 
It is not the voice that commands the story: it is the ear.
Consistency is contrary to nature, contrary to life. The only completely consistent people are dead.
I like pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals.
Right is right, even if no one else does it.
Caring for our seniors is perhaps the greatest responsibility we have. Those who walked before us have given so much and made possible the life we all enjoy.
The true face of smoking is disease, death and horror - not the glamour and sophistication the pushers in the tobacco industry try to portray.
Blindness hatred is blind, as well as love.
My best dreams and worst nightmares have the same people in them.
May you live as long as you wish and love as long as you live.
Winners dont do different things, they do things differently.
Again, it may be said, that to love justice and equality the people need no great effort of virtue; it is sufficient that they love themselves.
A good person can make another person good; it means that goodness will elicit goodness in the society; other persons will also be good.
Crystallize your goals. Make a plan for achieving them and set yourself a deadline. Then, with supreme confidence, determination and disregard for obstacles and other peoples criticisms, carry out your plan.
By union the smallest states thrive. By discord the greatest are destroyed.
He that cannot reason is a fool. He that will not is a bigot. He that dare not is a slave.
Imaginary evil is romantic and varied; real evil is gloomy, monotonous, barren, boring.  Imaginary good is boring; real good is always new, marvelous, intoxicating.
I think women want to take care of themselves, and I think having a voice in how that is done is very important.
Be steady and well-ordered in your life so that you can be fierce and original in your work.
Thoughts lead on to purposes; purposes go forth in action; actions form habits; habits decide character; and character fixes our destiny.
All is forgotten in the stone halls of the dead. These are the rooms of ruin where the spiders spin and the great circuits fall quiet, one by one...
I do wish my breasts were bigger. Not big... but less small.
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers, and he bears a laden breast,Full of sad experience, moving toward the stillness of his rest.
I have olive skin, so if I get pale, I look green. I have to tan.
The lie is a condition of life.
Violence in the voice is often only the death rattle of reason in the throat.
The pace of technological change in recent years has been both impressive and positive for consumers.
Early in life I had noticed that no event is ever correctly reported in a newspaper.
I take advantage of every thing I can - age, hair, disability - because my cause is just.
Do noble things, not dream them all day long.
After coming into contact with a religious man I always feel I must wash my hands.
There is dignity in work only when it is work freely accepted.
Overthinking killed my happiness. Insecurities killed my self-esteem. Lies killed my trust.
I wish I could be elegant.
It is easy to take liberty for granted, when you have never had it taken from you.
I wonder how many people I have looked at all my life and never seen.
...one opportunity leads directly to another, just as risk leads to more risk, life to more life, and death to more death.
If you have good thoughts they will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely.
I take real people and put them in extraordinary situations.
Lets get it on til a early morning. Girl its all good just turn me on.
Money is just a way of keeping score.
No one that encounters prosperity does not also encounter danger.
Dare to try something new. And when you do hit a wall or make a mistake, dont blame anyone else.
I am more convinced than ever that a lively two party system is essential to our democracy.
Success is dependent on effort.
The state calls its own violence law, but that of the individual crime.
I love kids. I was a kid myself, once.
I always knew I was destined for greatness.
... by stretching yourself beyond your perceived level of confidence you accelerate your development of competence.
Men are blind in their own cause.
I have seen great intolerance shown in support of tolerance.
Deserves it! I daresay he does. Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.
Everyone has a spirit that can be refined, a body that can be trained in some manner, a suitable path to follow. You are here to realize your inner divinity and manifest your innate enlightenment.
It was only later on that I became more interested in older music.
I think there is only one quality worse than hardness of heart and that is softness of head.
To work hard, to live hard, to die hard, and then go to hell after all would be too damn hard.
All this happened, more or less. The war parts, anyway, are pretty much true.
Perhaps it is a universal truth that the loss of liberty at home is to be charged to provisions against danger, real or pretended, from abroad.
All my friends are getting jobs, engaged, or married. I am just getting more awesome.
Today, you have 100% of your life left.
This is an important book, the critic assumes, because it deals with war. This is an insignificant book because it deals with the feelings of women in a drawing-room.
Beauty is merciless. You do not look at it, it looks at you and does not forgive.
We are continually faced by great opportunities brilliantly disguised as insoluble problems.
If anyone is crazy enough to want to kill a president of the United States, he can do it. All he must be prepared to do is give his life for the president\'s.
George Washington, as a boy, was ignorant of the commonest accomplishments of youth. He could not even lie.
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul.
He that loseth wealth, loseth much; he that loseth friends, loseth more; but he that loseth his spirit loseth all.
You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.
If you surrendered to the air, you could ride it.
Letting go of your ego opens the door to taking a new and creative course of action.
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.
Love can sometimes be magic.nbsp<BR>But magic can sometimes... just be an illusion. 
Books must be read as deliberately and reservedly as they were written.
The guilty think all talk is of themselves.
The surest guide to the correctness of the path that women take is joy in the struggle. Revolution is the festival of the oppressed.
Nothing is more dangerous than a friend without discretion; even a prudent enemy is preferable.
What ought one to say then as each hardship comes? I was practising for this, I was training for this.
Magic madam is like wine and if you are not used to it it will make you drunk. 
Man is not the enemy here, but the fellow victim.
Mr. Bean is essentially a child trapped in the body of a man. All cultures identify with children in a similar way, so he has this bizarre global outreach.
Poverty is a wonderful thing. It sticks to a man after all his friends have forsaken him.
Wake up and live.
I feel the responsibility of the occasion. Responsibility is proportionate to opportunity.
FEAR is an acronym in the English language for “False Evidence Appearing Real”
The principle part of faith is patience.
The happy combination of fortuitous circumstances.
I was enchanted by the escape into that meticulous world that seemed real yet not... well, it seemed not real, but very detailed and meticulous, bizarre.
Let us have a dagger between our teeth, a bomb in our hands, and an infinite scorn in our hearts.
The walking of Man is falling forwards.
Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel.
If we talk about the environment, for example, we have to talk about environmental racism - about the fact that kids in South Central Los Angeles have a third of the lung capacity of kids in Santa Monica.
The Egyptian contribution to architecture was more concerned with remembering the dead than the living.
When you look at the stars and the galaxy, you feel that you are not just from any particular piece of land, but from the solar system.
Repetition builds continuity, Continuity builds history,History builds Identity.
We Spaniards know a sickness of the heart that only gold can cure.
Plots, true or false, are necessary things, to raise up commonwealths, and ruin kings.
It\'s fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
It\'s simple, if it jiggles, it\'s fat.
Do not look down upon any Muslim, for even the most inferior believer is great in the eyes of God.
The creative process is a process of surrender, not control.
Work is the refuge of people who have nothing better to do.
Any deviation is looked upon as a perversion, is feared, and is usually a target of hatred and prejudice.
In the book of Colossians, it talks about that because of what Christ did, we are pure. We are without judgment on ourselves. And only through him can we do something like this.
Everybody hates a prodigy, detests an old head on young shoulders.
If tyranny and oppression come to this land it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy.
Your good friend has just taken a piece of cake out of the garbage and eaten it. You will probably need this information when you check me into the Betty Crocker Clinic.
The primal principle of democracy is the worth and dignity of the individual.
Which death is preferably to every other? The unexpected.
Not what I have, but what I do is my kingdom.
The only form of lying that is absolutely beyond reproach is lying for its own sake.
The conductor has the advantage of not seeing the audience.
Genius is the talent of a person who is dead.
We are here for knowledge. Our enemy is thoughtlessness. This is philosophy.
Youre making sense old man a sense of your own. Youre not crazy the way they think. Yes...I see... 
Take charge of your attitude. Dont let someone else choose it for you
Jealousy comes from counting others blessings instead of our own.
Part of courage is simple consistency.
But the iniquity of oblivion blindly scattereth her poppy, and deals with the memory of men without distinction to merit of perpetuity.
I believe in a lively disrespect for most forms of authority.
Curiosity is one of the forms of feminine bravery.
Because power corrupts, society\'s demands for moral authority and character increase as the importance of the position increases.
When people expect you to fail, prove them wrong..
The combination of hatred and technology is the greatest danger threatening mankind.
Chivalry is not just a fancy word with a neat meaning its a way of life. 
This is the age of the common man, they tell us-a title which any man may claim to the extent of such distinction as he has managed not to achieve.
What makes people the world over stand in line for Van Gogh is not that they will see beautiful pictures but that in an indefinable way they will come away feeling better human beings. And that is exactly what Van Gogh hoped for.
And so it was interesting for me to find myself very enamored of a Republican president, but Ronald Reagan was someone I thought captured the spirit of America.
A library is a repository of medicine for the mind.
Once you start asking questions, innocence is gone.
The safest road to hell is the gradual one -- the gentle slope, soft underfoot, without sudden turnings, without milestones, without signposts.
When danger approaches, sing to it.
People want economy and they will pay any price to get it.
Make new friends, but keep the old; Those are silver, these are gold.
Talents are best nurtured in solitude; character is best formed in the stormy billows of the world.
If one suffers we all suffer. Togetherness is strength. Courage.
The better you look, the more you see.
Pray that you will never have to bear all that you are able to endure.
Man has demonstrated that he is master of everything except his own nature.
Just remember, you cant put your arms around a memory, so hug someone you love, today.
It is not so much our friends\' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help.
I slept with faith and found a corpse in my arms on awakening; I drank and danced all night with doubt and found her a virgin in the morning.
It is only at the first encounter that a face makes its full impression on us.
People are always going to judge you, but their opinions should never influence how you feel about yourself.
I wish I could tell you how I feel because every night before I sleep, you are all I think about.
It is astonishing what force, purity and wisdom it requires for a human being to keep clear of falsehoods.
Success is the ongoing process of striving to become more; to continually grow while contributing in some positive way to others.
No matter what, we have to keep moving forward, even if we have to crawl.
Proud people breed sad sorrows for themselves.
Unwearied ceaseless effort is the price that must be paid for turning faith into a rich infallible experience.
We have come to the edge of the abyss and now it is time for a bold step forward. There is a political view that the tougher you are, the more credible you are.
The biggest problem was the politicians knew nothing about fighting a war.
According to the Gorean way of looking at things a taste of the slave ring is thought to be occasionally beneficial to all women, even the exalted free woman.
Craving, not having, is the mother of a reckless giving of oneself.
We get too soon old and too late smart.
Common sense is the most fairly distributed thing in the world, for each one thinks he is so well-endowed with it that even those who are hardest to satisfy in all other matters are not in the habit of desiring more of it than they already have.
If you would convince others, seem open to conviction yourself.
Liberal: a power worshipper without power.
There are no mistakes in life, just lessons.
The first act of religion, therefore, concerns those things which are communicated to us from God. The other concerns those things which we yield to God.
No wise person should make known the loss of fortune, any malpractice in their house, his being cheated, or having been disgraced.
A graceful and honorable old age is the childhood of immortality.
I never knew what real happiness was until I got married and by then it was too late.
Prediction is very difficult, especially of the future.
For I do not exist there exist but the thousands of mirrors that reflect me. With every acquaintance I make the population of phantoms resembling me increases. Somewhere they live somewhere they multiply. I alone do not exist. 
When you\'re wounded and left on Afghanistan\'s plains, and the women come out to cut up what remains, jest roll to your rifle and blow out your brains and go to your gawd like a soldier.
Every immigrant who comes here should be required within five years to learn English or leave the country.
Regardless of who you are or what you have been, you can be what you want to be.
Without Liberty, Law loses its nature and its name, and becomes oppression. Without Law, Liberty also loses its nature and its name, and becomes licentiousness.
If they want peace, nations should avoid the pin-pricks that precede cannon shots.
I Love You And That Is True, But That Is The Difference Between Me And You. My Love Is Real , To You Its Just Another 3 Words You Say!!!!
Learn to be pleased with everything; with wealth, so far as it makes us beneficial to others; with poverty, for not having much to care for; and with obscurity, for being unenvied.
People that are orthodox when they are young are in danger of being middle-aged all their lives.
Live as brave men; and if fortune is adverse, front its blows with brave hearts.
You can quit your job, but you cant quit your calling.
Suit the action to the word, the word to the action.
Hate leaves ugly scars.... love leaves beautiful ones.  Happy Valentines Day
America lives in the heart of every man everywhere who wishes to find a region where he will be free to work out his destiny as he chooses.
I think that the leaf of a tree, the meanest insect on which we trample, are in themselves arguments more conclusive than any which can be adduced that some vast intellect animates Infinity.
We would all like to vote for the best man but he is never a candidate.
I am like a kid. I tell my family and friends I\'m like a kid.
Never be so brief as to become obscure.
The future is always a dystopia in movies.
Horse racing is animated roulette.
Incidentally, why was it that none of all the pious ever discovered psycho-analysis? Why did it have to wait for a completely godless Jew?
The sculptor produces the beautiful statue by chipping away such parts of the marble block as are not needed - it is a process of elimination.
I am turned into a sort of machine for observing facts and grinding out conclusions.
Ignorance is an unword, you know less than some and more than most. On the other hand STUPID is a choice.
This-the immediate, everyday, and present experience-is IT, the entire and ultimate point for the existence of a universe.
He that has no patience has nothing at all.
Renew release let go. Yesterdays gone. Theres nothing you can do to bring it back. You cant shouldve done something. You can only DO something. Renew yourself. Release that attachment. Today is a new day 
Sometimes in the most tragic situation, something just profoundly funny happens.
Ability will never catch up with the demand for it.
Do not base your happiness off someone Else.
There is but one good throw upon the dice, which is, to throw them away.
It is too difficult to think nobly when one thinks only of earning a living.
These are not books, lumps of lifeless paper, but minds alive on the shelves.
Asparagus inspires gentle thoughts.
Things are still in early stages, but one can imagine that as we build up and systematize our theories of these associations, and try to boil them down to their core, the result might point us toward the sort of fundamental principles I advocate.
You never really know a woman until you meet her in court.
To say I love you one must know first how to say the I.
Americans think of themselves collectively as a huge rescue squad on twenty-four-hour call to any spot on the globe where dispute and conflict may erupt.
I am alone, some people help me, but, basically, I can do what I want.
A wise skepticism is the first attribute of a good critic.
A gentleman that loves to hear himself talk, will speak more in a minute than he will stand to in a month.
The past is a source of knowledge, and the future is a source of hope. Love of the past implies faith in the future.
Your life is a book; make it a bestseller.
The human mind will not be confined to any limits.
County government can be simplified greatly by reorganizing and consolidating some of the offices, making others appointive, and reducing salaries in keeping with the salaries paid by private business for the performance of similar duties.
Fashion is born by small facts, trends, or even politics, never by trying to make little pleats and furbelows, by trinkets, by clothes easy to copy, or by the shortening or lengthening of a skirt.
Give yourself entirely to those around you. Be generous with your blessings. A kind gesture can reach a wound that only compassion can heal.
Never question the relevance of truth, but always question the truth of relevance.
One and the same thing can at the same time be good, bad, and indifferent, e.g., music is good to the melancholy, bad to those who mourn, and neither good nor bad to the deaf.
We should read to give our souls a chance to luxuriate.
The essence of football was blocking, tackling, and execution based on timing, rhythm and deception.
There is no private life which has not been determined by a wider public life.
A pessimist is one who has been compelled to live with an optimist.
The people must know before they can act, and there is no educator to compare with the press.
When you\'re safe at home you wish you were having an adventure; when you\'re having an adventure you wish you were safe at home.
A bitter thing cannot be made sweet. <BR>The taste of anything can be changed. <BR>But poison cannot be changed into nectar. 
That ability to take in your surroundings and sort out the important stuff, to be aware, to be vigilant. Then take all that information, put it together, and see if it makes sense to you.
Man is born free, yet he is everywhere in chains.
Sex lies at the root of life, and we can never learn to reverence life until we know how to understand sex.
Let me listen to myself and not to them.
You cannot travel on the path until you become the path itself.
We are all tied to our destiny and there is no way we can liberate ourselves.
And the end of the fight is a tombstone white with the name of the late deceased, and the epitaph drear: A Fool lies here who tried to hustle the East.
Football (soccer) is a matter of life and death, except more important.
Life doesnt imitate art, it imitates bad television.
He who doesn\'t fear death dies only once.
If you think in terms of a year, plant a seed; if in terms of ten years, plant trees; if in terms of 100 years, teach the people.
Do not round time because life is short enough why make it shorter robin bar comb
Lovers derive their pleasures from their misfortunes. Happy Valentines Day
If you are not leaning, no one will ever let you down.
Use your youth so that you may have comfort to remember it when it has forsaken you, and not sigh and grieve at the account thereof.
In being realistic we do not always have to be pessimistic. Christ never blinked his eyes at bad things. But he never became so obsessed with human evil that he lost faith in man.
It is cycling as a professional sport that represents the problem. It can transform someone into a liar.
Nature provides exceptions to every rule.
Never settle with words what you can accomplish with a flamethrower.
If we mean to support the liberty and independence which have cost us so much blood and treasure to establish, we must drive far away the demon of party spirit and local reproach.
Missing you a lot on this Easter. Wishing you were here to celebrate this holy occasion with me . Happy Easter
My mother left me for seven years in an orphanage.
The more you care, the stronger you can be.
I think my melodies are superior to my lyrics.
And meanwhile time goes about its immemorial work of making everyone look and feel like shit.
The wise person has long ears and a short tongue.
Know the rules well, so you can break them effectively.
Time is the king of all men, he is their parent and their grave, and gives them what he will and not what they crave.
Happiness to a dog is what lies on the other side of a door.
Cultivate only the habits that you are willing should master you.
Dont prioritize your friends over your family. Friends come and go but your family will be with you even when youve fallen.
The analytical geometry of Descartes and the calculus of Newton and Leibniz have expanded into the marvelous mathematical method
Creativity can solve almost any problem. The creative act, the defeat of habit by orginality, overcomes everything.
Man is, without doubt, the defacer, the destroyer. But spending at least the last three years in trying to understand the enemy has almost seduced me to his side.
Find something good within your life and give every ounce of positivity you have towards it, then watch how your life changes.
The mark of fear is not easily removed.
Every noble activity makes room for itself.
We occasionally stumble over the truth but most of us pick ourselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.
None of my characters are rich or famous, and the situations they find themselves in could happen to anyone.
I think everybody has their own way of looking at their lives as some kind of pilgrimage. Some people will see their role as a pilgrim in terms of setting up a fine family, or establishing a business inheritance. Everyone\'s got their own definition.
A man may learn wisdom even from a foe.
The principle goal of education is to create men who are capable of doing new things, not simply of repeating what other generations have done -- men who are creative, inventive and discoverers.
There is an ecstasy that marks the summit of life, and beyond which life cannot rise. And such is the paradox of living, this ecstasy comes when one is most alive, and it comes as a complete forgetfulness that one is alive.
Fatigue makes cowards of us all.
We would not be interested in human beings if we did not have the hope of someday meeting someone worse off than ourselves.
Books let us into their souls and lay open to us the secrets of our own.
This world is a comedy to those that think, a tragedy to those that feel.
When something is such a creative medium as the web, the limits to it are our imagination.
Many a man is saved from being a thief by finding everything locked up.
I wanted to show people I can do things other than the sophisticated bitch.
Words are illusions.
There are 4 things you can never recover, The stone..after the throw. The word..after its said. The occasion..after its missed. The time..after its gone.
You cant fall if you dont climb. But theres no joy in living your whole life on the ground.
I think nighttime is dark so you can imagine your fears with less distraction.
One swallow does not make a summer, but one skein of geese, cleaving the murk of March thaw, is the Spring.
Logic will never change emotion or perception.
Everything is getting expensive except some people, they are getting cheaper.
Every calling is great when greatly pursued.
Only the unknown frightens men. But once a man has faced the unknown, that terror becomes the known.
Why wilderness? Because we like the taste of freedom; because we like the smell of danger.
Explore. Dream. Discover.
Failing is not always failure.
My scientific studies have afforded me great gratification; and I am convinced that it will not be long before the whole world acknowledges the results of my work.
Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment, and making the best of it without knowing what will happen next.
An audience is never wrong. An individual member of it may be an imbecile, but a thousand imbeciles together in the dark -- that is critical genius.
I am still far from being what I want to be, but with God\'s help I shall succeed.
A torn jacket is soon mended; but hard wordsbruise the heart of a child.
We would fight not for the political future of a distant city, rather for principles whose destruction would ruin the possibility of peace and security for the peoples of the earth.
There are no dreams too large, no innovation unimaginable and no frontiers beyond our reach.
My Life Is Just Freaking Awkward.
The problem with beauty is that it\'s like being born rich and getting poorer.
I think you should take your job seriously, but not yourself - that is the best combination.
The fantastic advances in the field of electronic communication constitute a greater danger to the privacy of the individual.
Only the mediocre are always at their best.
Like a French poem is life; being only perfect in structure when with the masculine rhymes mingled the feminine are.
Officeholders are the agents of the people, not their masters.
One good act of vengeance deserves another.
I think writers are prone to hyperbole sometimes.
Why is it that reality, when set down untransposed in a book, sounds false?
Self-interest is the enemy of all true affection.
would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status sharing how you met me. But I want you to LIE
Religion is one dimension of culture, a transcendent element of it.
Politeness -- The most acceptable hypocrisy.
Everything is simpler than you think and yet more complex than you imagine.
Change is difficult but often essential to survival.
You are the only one holding you back.
In an endless silence even screams sound silent. 
As long as there are rich people in the world, they will be desirous of distinguishing themselves from the poor.
As to the adjective, when in doubt strike it out.
When prosperity comes, do not use all of it.
Rock and roll music, if you like it, if you feel it, you can\'t help but move to it. That\'s what happens to me. I can\'t help it.\'
Sweetest Lord, make me appreciative of the dignity of my high vocation, and its many responsibilities. Never permit me to disgrace it by giving way to coldness, unkindness, or impatience.
Self-love is not so vile a sin as self-neglecting.
Through unity of action we can be a veritable colossus in support of peace. No one can defeat us unless we first defeat ourselves. Every one of us must be guided by this truth.
Manners are the hypocrisy of a nation.
Bad habits are like a comfortable bed, easy to get into, but hard to get out of.
If you stop to be kind, you must swerve often from your path.
The life of a man consists not in seeing visions and in dreaming dreams, but in active charity and in willing service.
One of the greatest things drama can do, at it\'s best, is to redefine the words we use every day such as love, home, family, loyalty and envy. Tragedy need not be a downer.
No matter what side of the argument you are on, you always find people on your side that you wish were on the other.
The devil has the power to assume a pleasing shape.
The nice thing about doing a crossword puzzle is, you know there is a solution.
Beauty of style and harmony and grace and good rhythm depends on simplicity.
The guitar is a small orchestra. It is polyphonic. Every string is a different color, a different voice.
Respect for the truth comes close to being the basis for all morality.
Let us step into the night and pursue that flighty temptress, adventure.
Seek respect, not attention.
Love, by its very nature, is unworldly, and it is for this reason rather than its rarity that it is not only apolitical but anti-political, perhaps the most powerful of all anti-political human forces.
History may be divided into three movements: what moves rapidly, what moves slowly and what appears not to move at all.
Seek first to understand, then to be understood.
Peace is not made at the council table or by treaties, but in the hearts of men.
The idea that leisure is of value in itself is only conditionally true. The average man simply spends his leisure as a dog spends it. His recreations are all puerile, and the time supposed to benefit him really only stupefies him.
Look at the Paris Commune. That was the Dictatorship of the Proletariat.
Segregation was wrong when it was forced by white people, and I believe it is still wrong when it is requested by black people.
Want of pluck shows want of blood.
Mail your packages early so the post office can lose them in time for Christmas.
Politics swings like a pendulum.
It is not the creation of wealth that is wrong, but the love of money for its own sake.
In reality, humility means nothing other than complete honesty about yourself.
Language is the armory of the human mind, and at once contains the trophies of its past and the weapons of its future conquests.
Things change, thats just part of life. Instead of hanging onto the old things, start embracing the new things, youll be much happier.
Accept that all of us can be hurt, that all of us can and surely will at times fail. Other vulnerabilities, like being embarrassed or risking love, can be terrifying, too. I think we should follow a simple rule: if we can take the worst, take the risk.
One should never criticize his own work except in a fresh and hopeful mood. The self-criticism of a tired mind is suicide.
An almost hysterical antagonism toward the gold standard is one issue which unites statists of all persuasions. They seem to sense... that gold and economic freedom are inseparable.
Heaven for climate, Hell for company.
War does not determine who is right  only who is left.
I know no evil so great as the abuse of the understanding, and yet there is no one vice more common.
Just do the best you can. No one can do more than that.
In order to become the master, the politician poses as the servant.
The audience should feel like voyeurs. Their response is absolutely crucial.
Worrying is carrying tomorrows load with todays strength- carrying two days at once. It is moving into tomorrow ahead of time. Worrying doesnt empty tomorrow of its sorrow, it empties today of its strength.
The intellect of man is forced to choose perfection of the life, or of the work, and if it take the second must refuse a heavenly mansion, raging in the dark.
Nothing endears so much a friend as sorrow for his death. The pleasure of his company has not so powerful an influence.
How little do they see what really is, who frame their hasty judgment upon that which seems.
Truth is the most valuable thing we have. Let us economize it.
forgive those who hurt you even if whatever they did is unforgivable. You will forgive them not because they deserve it, but because you dont want to suffer every time you remember what they did to you.
Dont waste your time trying to fix your past  Because your past is already gone.
The truths of religion are never so well understood as by those who have lost the power of reason.
Human love is often but the encounter of two weaknesses.
There must always remain something that is antagonistic to good.
The best feeling is hearing someone elses heartbeat and knowing its beating that way because of you.
Ambition often puts Men upon doing the meanest offices; so climbing is performed in the same position with creeping.
In my mind I\'m a blind man doin\' time.
Crowded classrooms and half-day sessions are a tragic waste of our greatest national resource - the minds of our children.
I wish I could be behind the wheel for every stunt.
Beauty is variable, ugliness is constant.
American couples have gone to such lengths to avoid the interference of in-laws that they have to pay marriage counselors to interfere between them.
Its not only what we have inherited from our father and mother that walks in us. Its all sorts of dead ideas and lifeless old beliefs and so forth. They have no vitality but they cling to us all the same and we cant get rid of them. 
There is no true expertise in the humanities without knowing all of the humanities. Art is a vast, ancient interconnected web-work, a fabricated tradition. Over-concentration on any one point is a distortion.
For those who seek to understand it, death is a highly creative force. The highest spiritual values of life can originate from the thought and study of death.
Throughout the centuries there were men who took first steps, down new roads, armed with nothing but their own vision.
All formal dogmatic religions are fallacious and must never be accepted by self-respecting persons as final.
Nothing you do for children is ever wasted.
A funeral is a pageant whereby we attest our respect for the dead by enriching the undertaker.
Every day people are straying away from the church and going back to God.
Learn to appreciate the things you have before time makes you appreciate the things you had.
Music is mediator between spiritual and sensual life.
He receives comfort like cold porridge.
Ridicule may be the evidence of with or bitterness and may gratify a little mind, or an ungenerous temper, but it is no test of reason or truth.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
You cannot help men permanently by doing for them what they could and should do for themselves.
I have no dress except the one I wear every day. If you are going to be kind enough to give me one, please let it be practical and dark so that I can put it on afterwards to go to the laboratory.
May you become proud not only for your family but also for your nation.
The rich get richer. Not only because they have surpluses with which to invest, but because of the overriding emotional release they experience from having wealth.
If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change.
A good example is far better than a good precept.
The best armor is to keep out of range.
Love is the ability and willingness to allow those that you care for to be what they choose for themselves without any insistence that they satisfy you.
We need to open up the future. We also need to keep everything valuable from the past.
And then there are the times when the wolves are silent and the moon is howling.
It is a sin not to do what one is capable of doing.
Histories are more full of examples of the fidelity of dogs than of friends.
A tree is known by its fruit; a man by his deeds. A good deed is never lost; he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love.
A wise lawyer never goes to law himself.
Taking time to sit back and watch and think about what you\'ve seen is important. Traveling did a great deal to me. I found that when I travel and just sit in the corner and watch, a million ideas come to me.
Sometimes you miss the memories, not the person.
Everything has been figured out, except how to live.
To err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so.
I just thank God for all of the blessings.
The love of learning and the love of money rarely meet.
The inspiration of the almighty gives man understanding.
The human mind always makes progress, but it is a progress in spirals.
The voyage of discovery is not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes.
Indeed, no woman should ever be quite accurate about her age. It looks so calculating.
Glamour cannot exist without personal social envy being a common and widespread emotion.
Presidents are elected not by direct popular vote but by 538 members of the Electoral College.
You have to keep a positive attitude when trying to accomplish something that is worth accomplishing. Dont lose sight of your goals.
Open confession is good for the soul.
If you can give your son or daughter only one gift, let it be enthusiasm.
A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience.
He types his labored column -- weary drudge! Senile fudge and solemn: spare, editor, to condemn these dry leaves of his autumn.
Human salvation demands the divine disclosure of truths surpassing reason.
My difficulties belong to me!
Jaws was still a handsome, big guy. He got the girl. He was my favorite villain. I tried to make this guy endearing somewhat because all he wanted to do was unite his country.
Write what should not be forgotten.
Id love you with all my heart but, you stole it so Ill love you with every fiber of my being. <3
. . . although a skilful flatterer is a most delightful companion, if you can keep him all to yourself, his taste becomes very doubtful when he takes to complimenting other people.
The task of leadership is not to put greatness into humanity, but to elicit it, for the greatness is already there.
Money is a guarantee that we may have what we want in the future. Though we need nothing at the moment it insures the possibility of satisfying a new desire when it arises.
A fly before his own eye is bigger than an elephant in the next field.
I am a big believer in education, because when I grew up in Austria - when I grew up in Austria I had a great education. I had great teachers.
The law is reason, free from passion.
Before the reward there must be labor. You plant before you harvest. You sow in tears before you reap joy.
Flight by machines heavier than air is unpractical and insignificant, if not utterly impossible.
Property is intended to serve life, and no matter how much we surround it with rights and respect, it has no personal being. It is part of the earth man walks on. It is not man.
There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child.
The liberally educated person is one who is able to resist the easy and preferred answers, not because he is obstinate but because he knows others worthy of consideration.
For happiness one needs security, but joy can spring like a flower even from the cliffs of despair.
Film lovers are sick people.
Cheating is a choice Not a mistake. Dont be fooled.
To be suspicious is not a fault. To be suspicious all the time without coming to a conclusion is the defect.
No sight is more provocative of awe than is the night sky.
Only the dead have seen the end of the war.
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.
An orgasm is just a reflex, like a sneeze.
This is a place where grandmothers hold babies on their laps under the stars and whisper in their ears that the lights in the sky are holes in the floor of heaven. 
Modeling is more important than the talking we do.
What the world needs is not dogma but an attitude of scientific inquiry combined with a belief that the torture of millions is not desirable, whether inflicted by Stalin or by a Deity imagined in the likeness of the believer.
Speak little and well if you wish to be esteemed a person of merit.
Christmas is a time when kids tell Santa what they want and adults pay for it. Deficits are when adults tell the government what they want - and their kids pay for it.
It\'s bad poetry executed by people that can\'t sing. That\'s my definition of Rap.
Never close your lips to those to whom you have opened your heart.
It is really wonderful how much resilience there is in human nature. Let any obstructing cause no matter what be removed in any way even by death and we fly back to first principles of hope and enjoyment. 
The prejudices of ignorance are more easily removed than the prejudices of interest; the first are all blindly adopted, the second willfully preferred.
A lot of high-level scientists are in fact people of almost universal interest.
Unless you love someone, nothing else makes any sense.
Hope is a waking dream.
Every industry is going to be affected (by the aging population). This creates tremendous opportunities and tremendous challenges.
The friend in my adversity I shall always cherish most. I can better trust those who helped to relieve the gloom of my dark hours than those who are so ready to enjoy with me the sunshine of my prosperity.
Many of us crucify ourselves between two thieves - regret for the past and fear of the future.
The higher the building the lower the morals.
When a nation\'s young men are conservative, its funeral bell is already rung.
Vision is the art of seeing things invisible.
Live, let live, and help live
Public life is regarded as the crown of a career, and to young men it is the worthiest ambition. Politics is still the greatest and the most honorable adventure.
As person abandons worn-out  clothes and acquires new ones, so when the body is worn out a new one is acquired by the Self, who lives within.
Wisdom is perishable. Unlike information or knowledge, it cannot be stored in a computer or recorded in a book. It expires with each passing generation.
Love without conversation is impossible.
A good meal soothes the soul as it regenerates the body.  From the abundance of it flows a benign benevolence.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
The law of humanity ought to be composed of the past, the present, and the future, that we bear within us; whoever possesses but one of these terms, has but a fragment of the law of the moral world.
Pervading nationalism imposes its dominion on man today in many different forms and with an aggressiveness that spares no one. The challenge that is already with us is the temptation to accept as true freedom what in reality is only a new form of slavery.
Every so often you have to increase your profile so you can let it lower again, like a balloon.
The dance is a poem of which each movement is a word.
We are victims of evil customs. It is a crime against humanity that our women are shut up within the four walls of the houses as prisoners. There is no sanction anywhere for the deplorable condition in which our women have to live.
The man who asks a question is a fool for a minute, the man who does not ask is a fool for life.
Better to be pruned to grow than cut up to burn.
I really believe that what I do as an actress is my God-given talent. This is my calling, not my career.
God is a circle whose center is everywhere and circumference nowhere.
Sure I played, did you think I was born at the age of 70 sitting in a dugout trying to manage guys like you?
Your levelers wish to level down as far as themselves, but they cannot bear leveling up to themselves.
A very small cause which escapes our notice determines a considerable effect that we cannot fail to see, and then we say that the effect is due to chance.
Actually, I think most people accept the existence of qualia.
Commit a crime, and the earth is made of glass.
Conventionality is not morality.
Time does not pass it continues 
Often a noble face hides filthy ways.
Exploration is really the essence of the human spirit.
Curious indeed how these things happen. The wand chooses the wizard, remember...I think we must expect great things from you, Mr. Potter... After all, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named did great things — terrible, yes, but great.
Fear imprisons, faith liberates; fear paralyzes, faith empowers; fear disheartens, faith encourages; fear sickens, faith heals; fear makes useless, faith makes serviceable.
Think with the wise, but talk with the vulgar.
Everything that is strong in me has gone into my art work.
Acceptance of what has happened is the first step to overcoming the consequences of any misfortune.
To own the dominant, or only, newspaper in a mid-sized American city was, for many decades, a kind of license to print money. In the Internet age, however, no one has figured out how to rescue the newspaper in the United States or abroad.
Idleness is the parent of psychology.
The best years are the forties; after 50 a man begins to deteriorate, but in his forties he is at the maximum of his villainy.
No man lives without jostling and being jostled; in all ways he has to elbow himself through the world, giving and receiving offense.
Guts are a combination of confidence, courage, conviction, strength of character, stick-to-itiveness, pugnaciousness, backbone, and intestinal fortitude. They are mandatory for anyone who wants to get to and stay at the top.
With racing, you never rest on your laurels, and there are no counterfeits.
The long unmeasured pulse of time moves everything. There is nothing hidden that it cannot bring to light, nothing once known that may not become unknown.
Haste and rashness are storms and tempests, breaking and wrecking business; but nimbleness is a full, fair wind, blowing it with speed to the haven.
A good dog never dies. He always stays. He walks besides you on crisp autumn days when frost is on the fields and winters drawing near. His head is within our hand in his old way. 
We only hear what we want to hear, we only see what we want to see until reality hits.
I love you more today than I did yesterday, but not as much as I will tomorow.
I just want to go through Central Park and watch folks passing by. Spend the whole day watching people. I miss that.
History is a race between education and catastrophe.
Time is a circus, always packing up and moving away.
Practice is the best of all instructors.
A good upbringing consists in hiding how much you think of yourself, and how little you think of others.
Whoever wishes to keep a secret must hide the fact that he possesses one.
A true king is neither husband nor father; he considers his throne and nothing else.
History in its broadest aspect is a record of man\'s migrations from one environment to another.
Seeking to forget makes exile all the longer; the secret of redemption lies in remembrance.
The greater the state, the more wrong and cruel its patriotism, and the greater is the sum of suffering upon which its power is founded.
Fools ignore complexity. Pragmatists suffer it. Some can avoid it. Geniuses remove it.
Losing faith in your own singularity is the start of wisdom, I suppose; also the first announcement of death.
I love argument, I love debate. I don\'t expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that\'s not their job.
Laughter kills fear, and without fear there can be no faith. For without fear of the devil there is no need for God.
Make mistakes, take chances, be silly, be imperfect, trust yourself and follow your heart.
I was not put on this earth to listen to meat!
A short retirement urges a sweet return.
My early childhood prepared me to be a social psychologist. I grew up in a South Bronx ghetto in a very poor family. From Sicilian origin, I was the first person in my family to complete high school, let alone go to college.
It is usually best to be generous with praise, but cautious with criticism.
Love starts with You are DIFFERENT? and ends with You are all the SAME?. RIGHT?
The workingmen have perceived that women are in the field of industry to stay; and they see, too, that there can not be two standards of work and wages for any trade without constant menace to the higher standard.
Give me one good reason why we should start over again.
It is possible to store the mind with a million facts and still be entirely uneducated.
There are far better things ahead than any we leave behind.
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work.
A man sits as many risks as he runs.
It is not the size of a man but the size of his heart that matters.
Friendship\'s the wine of life: but friendship new... is neither strong nor pure.
Change alone is unchanging.
In seeking honey expect the sting of bees.
The times of Arab nationalism and unity are gone forever. These ideas which mobilized the masses are only a worthless currency. Libya has had to put up with too much from the Arabs for whom it has poured forth both blood and money.
He dreamed he was eating shredded wheat and woke up to find the mattress half gone.
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
Good words cool more than cold water.
The very first step towards success in any occupation is to become interested in it.
I had a terrible education. I attended a school for emotionally disturbed teachers.
We all have enough strength to endure the misfortunes of others.
I would rather fail in a cause that will ultimately succeed than succeed in a cause that will ultimately fail.
You can travel the world and never leave your chair when you read a book.
This is the way the world ends  Not with a bang but a whimper.
The most silent people are generally those who think most highly of themselves.
Making an Irishness to be proud of in a real Republic. It is the vision of a real Republic where life and language, where ideals and experience have the ring of authenticity which we need now as we go forward.
When you write down your ideas you automatically focus your full attention on them. Few if any of us can write one thought and think another at the same time. Thus a pencil and paper make excellent concentration tools.
Promise yourself to live your life as a revolution and not just a process of evolution
Give freely to the world these gifts of love and compassion. Do not concern yourself with how much you receive in return, just know in your heart it will be returned.
So if the euro, if Euroland is to become a reserve center, if the euro is to become a reserve currency, Euroland will have to have a deficit in its overall balance of payments.
Any man who wants to be president is either an egomaniac or crazy.
How well I have learned that there is no fence to sit on between heaven and hell. There is a deep, wide gulf, a chasm, and in that chasm is no place for any man.
Aristotle maintained that women have fewer teeth than men; although he was twice married, it never occurred to him to verify this statement by examining his wives\' mouths.
Truly it is an evil to be full of faults; but it is a still greater evil to be full of them and to be unwilling to recognize them, since that is to add the further fault of a voluntary illusion.
The things that come to those that wait may be the things left by those that got there first.
A horse never runs so fast as when he has other horses to catch up and outpace.
This was my first lesson about gambling if you see somebody winning all the time he isnt gambling hes cheating. Later on in life if I were continuously losing in any gambling situation I would watch very closely. 
When someone does something good, applaud! You will make two people happy.
The mind has exactly the same power as the hands; not merely to grasp the world, but to change it.
There are no words to express the abyss between isolation and having one ally. It may be conceded to the mathematician that four is twice two. But two is not twice one; two is two thousand times one.
The most interesting information come from children, for they tell all they know and then stop.
Every man goes down to his death bearing in his hands only that which he has given away.
I acknowledge myself a unitarian
The most important questions in life can never be answered by anyone except oneself.
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music.
There exists no politician in India daring enough to attempt to explain to the masses that cows can be eaten.
I hope someday we will be able to proclaim that we have banished hunger in the United States, and that we\'ve been able to bring nutrition and health to the whole world.
If birth is a manifestation of life death is another. 
Truth lives on in the midst of deception.
Freedom is the sure possession of those alone who have the courage to defend it.
A maker of idols is never an idolater.
He wants you all to Himself to put His loving, divine arms around you.
Exceptions are not always the proof of the old rule; they can also be the harbinger of a new one.
Whether we name divine presence synchronicity, serendipity, or graced moment matters little. What matters is the reality that our hearts have been understood. Nothing is as real as a healthy dose of magic which restores our spirits.
They who forgive most shall be most forgiven.
I just think Rosa Parks was overrated. Last time I checked, she got famous for breaking the law.
Now we sit through Shakespeare in order to recognize the quotations.
My hobbies are cooking and gardening, especially growing orchids. I love soccer, my husband and I support a British team called Chelsea, and I also enjoy tennis. We have 3 cats.
A kind word can attract even the snake from his nest.
Things without remedy, should be without regard; what is done, is done.
True courage is a result of reasoning. A brave mind is always impregnable.
Life resembles the banquet of Damocles; the sword is ever suspended.
All we need, really, is a change from a near frigid to a tropical attitude of mind.
Time is free, but its priceless. You cant own it, but you can use it. You cant keep it, but you can spend it. Once youve lost it you can never get it back.
Nature always tends to act in the simplest way.
You do the right thing even if it makes you feel bad. The purpose of life is not to be happy but to be worthy of happiness.
Sex appeal is fifty percent what you
The average person puts only 25% of his energy and ability into his work. The world takes off its hat to those who put in more than 50% of their capacity, and stands on its head for those few and far between souls who devote 100%.
Moderation has been called a virtue to limit the ambition of great men, and to console undistinguished people for their want of fortune and their lack of merit.
You better cut the pizza in four pieces because I\'m not hungry enough to eat six.
Health is not a condition of matter, but of Mind.
I believe in person to person. Every person is Christ for me, and since there is only one Jesus, that person is the one person in the world at that moment.
As for me, all I know is that I know nothing.
We live in a pretty bleak time. I feel that in the air. Everything is uncertain. Everything feels like its on the precipice of some major transformation, whether we like it or not.
So childhood too feels good at first before one happens to notice the terrible sameness age after age. 
A loving heart is the truest wisdom.
Music is the art of the prophets and the gift of God.
We participate in a tragedy; at a comedy we only look.
Yesterday = Experience ~ Today = Experiment ~ Tomorrow = Expectations. Use ur EXperience in your EXperiment to achieve your EXpectations.
We Abolition Women are turning the world upside down.
The first two facts which a healthy boy or girl feels about sex are these: first that it is beautiful and then that it is dangerous.
It sometimes seems that we have only to love a thing greatly to get it.
I abhor war and view it as the greatest scourge of mankind.
Man... cannot learn to forget, but hangs on the past: however far or fast he runs, that chain runs with him.
If we are not ashamed to think it, we should not be ashamed to say it.
The Brown decision promised that every child, regardless of the color of his or her skin, would have unequivocal access to quality education and an equal opportunity to pursue his/her dreams.
Worry is interest paid on trouble before it falls due.
Gossip about a person and his shadow will appear.
Pleasure is the greatest incentive to evil.
Americans are uneasy with their possessions, guilty about power, all of which is difficult for Europeans to perceive because they are themselves so truly materialistic, so versed in the uses of power.
Character is another thing that is formed in youth and reformed in marriage.
Our birthdays are feathers in the broad wing of time.
There are few virtues that the Poles do not possess and there are few errors they have ever avoided.
I begin with the principle that all men are bores. Surely no one will prove himself so great a bore as to contradict me in this.
My dad used to flush my mother\'s head down the toilet. I was so screwed up.
We rail at trade, but the historian of the world will see that it was the principle of liberty; that it settled America, and destroyed feudalism, and made peace and keeps peace; that it will abolish slavery.
Nakedness has no color: this can come as news only to those who have never covered, or been covered by, another naked human being.
We come nearest to the great when we are great in humility.
Always speak politely to an enraged Dragon.
I think Im living in my past because Im scared of the future.
Wink and shut their apprehensions up.
A happy marriage is a long conversation which always seems too short.
Many Americans cannot define democracy; like the schoolboy when asked to define an elephant confessed he was unable to do so, but insisted he would recognize an elephant when he saw one.
The revolutionary Mozart is the Mozart of his last eight years.
The first point of wisdom is to discern that which is false; the second, to know that which is true.
I insist that there is nothing sacred in the life of an invader, and there is no valid principle of human society that forbids the invaded to protect themselves in whatever way they can.
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.
The object, Truth, or the satisfaction of the intellect, and the object, Passion, or the excitement of the heart, are, although attainable, to a certain extent, in poetry, far more readily attainable in prose.
Every generation, no matter how paltry its character, thinks itself much wiser than the one immediately preceding it, let alone those that are more remote.
There is a level of cowardice lower than that of the conformist: the fashionable non-conformist.
People assume that the meaning of a song is vested in the lyrics. To me, that has never been the case. There are very few songs that I can think of where I remember the words.
Remember the five simple rules to be happy, Free your heart from hatred. Free your mind from worries. Live simply. Give more. Expect less.
You will not change yourself for anyone but you will be automatically changed when you are addicted towards someone.
Only good girls keep diaries. Bad girls don\'t have time.
Democracy! Bah! When I hear that word I reach for my feather Boa!
Time is the one element of life we cant get back. I think thats why it hurts so much when we realize we have wasted our time with someone who doesnt care.
This paper will no doubt be found interesting by those who take an interest in it.
You are a pest, by the very nature of that camera in your hand.
Men and women belong to different species and communications between them is still in its infancy.
Read books instead of reading my status!
Our new Constitution is now established, and has an appearance that promises permanency; but in this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.
Only idiots refuse to change their minds.
The best theology would need no advocates; it would prove itself.
If love is blind then maybe a blind person that loves has a greater understanding of it. 
If you keep on saying things are going to be bad, you have a good chance of being a prophet.
People before the public live an imagined life in the thought of others, and flourish or feel faint as their self outside themselves grows bright or dwindles in that mirror.
American men, as a group, seem to be interested in only two things, money and breasts. It seems a very narrow outlook.
Baby carrots are making me gay.
If you think being a mom is a full time job, try being a working mom, its like having two full time jobs, with halftime pay!
I know I am getting better at golf because I am hitting fewer spectators.
To change a habit, make a conscious decision, then act out the new behavior.
Let each man exercise the art he knows.
At times I wish I could change the past... but sometimes the past changes you.
What does music mean to me? I don\'t think I would really be much without it, without it coming through me. It\'s my means of communication, my means of growth, my means of transportation from one point in my life to another.
I want to be the girl you fall for when everybody else is falling for you.
When it is not in our power to follow what is true, we ought to follow what is most probable.
There is no crime of which I do not deem myself capable.
I may be known as the girl who was sunbathing topless with a Prince but Jordan is known as that thick girl who always falls out of clubs drunk. I know which one I prefer.
Our duty is to be useful, not according to our desires but according to our powers.
Sometimes even IM afraid of the things my mind comes up with.
The betrayal of trust carries a heavy taboo.
Coming home from very lonely places, all of us go a little mad: whether from great personal success, or just an all-ight drive, we are the sole survivors of a world no one else has ever seen.
I dress for women and I undress for men.
Timid men prefer the calm of despotism to the boisterous sea of liberty.
I could never hate anyone I knew.
People may or may not say what they mean... but they always say something designed to get what they want.
Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations.
The thief is sorry he is to be hanged, not that he is a thief.
Early to rise and early to bed makes a man healthy, wealthy, and dead.
Be proud of your people when you dont have to be ashamed of any its social class 
The machine does not isolate man from the great problems of nature but plunges him more deeply into them.
An angry man opens his mouth and shuts his eyes.
Sanctions always hurt the poor, the weak, the children.
First feelings are always the most natural.
I really am pretty happy with what God gave me.
The dog that trots about finds a bone.
The reason for evil in the world is that people are not able to tell their stories. 
Do not free a camel of the burden of his hump; you may be freeing him from being a camel.
I admire anyone with their own sense of personal style.
Creativity is a highfalutin word for the work I have to do between now and Tuesday.
For the most part, studio movies have huge budgets. They don\'t do anything under 30 to 40 million. When you have that much money at stake, you have so many people breathing down your neck.
The need for change bulldozed road down the center of my mind.
A nickel ain\'t worth a dime anymore.
God exists in eternity. The only point where eternity meets time is in the present. The present is the only time there is.
If you would win the world, melt it, do not hammer it.
Psychology is the science of the intellects, characters and behavior of animals including man.
Impropriety is the soul of wit.
If we remain humble and hungry, we can win.
The best mirror is an old friend.
England expects that every man will do his duty.
The Ed Hardy man is confident with a strong sense of personal style. He is not afraid to be seen and take risks. He enjoys comfort and flexible style, yet he wants to stand apart from the crowd.
Conceal a flaw, and the world will imagine the worst.
April is a promise that May is bound to keep.
Words ought to be a little wild, for they are the assaults of thoughts on the unthinking.
To know how to grow old is the master work of wisdom, and one of the most difficult chapters in the great art of living.
Laughter is not a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is the best ending for one.
Affliction, like the iron-smith, shapes as it smites.
The external appearance of any construction projects that are created during the time of the National Socialist Reich must take on the sensibility of our time.
The happiest people are those who are too busy to notice whether they are or not.
The good news is that the moment you decide that what you know is more important than what you have been taught to believe, you will have shifted gears in your quest for abundance.  Success comes from within, not from without.
Let the great world spin for ever down the ringing grooves of change.
Sometimes love wont make sense in the beginning, but if its true, itll work out in the end, and thats what makes it so beautiful.
Beware of assumptions! Whatever you assume to be possible -- or impossible will have a tendency to become real for you.
Love is a mutual self-giving which ends in self-recovery.
Corrupt, stupid grasping functionaries will make at least as big a muddle of socialism as stupid, selfish and acquisitive employers can make of capitalism.
Each instant of life is a step toward death.
I wanted to write about what we were doing at the French Laundry, the recipes and the stories.
There is no sanctuary of virtue like home.
I trust god with my life after all, he gave it to me.
The biggest communities in which young people now reside are online communities.
If your advertising goes unnoticed, everything else is academic!
Corner a dog in a dead-end street and it will turn and bite.
This desk of mine is one at which a man may die, but from which he cannot resign.
Church attendance is as vital to a disciple as a transfusion of rich, healthy blood to a sick man.
If I were going to stay in coaching, I would have stayed right there because I was totally happy.
It is of no consequence of what parents a man is born, so he be a man of merit.
Happy is the novelist who manages to preserve an actual love letter that he received when he was young within a work of fiction, embedded in it like a clean bullet in flabby flesh and quite secure there, among spurious lives.
Philosophy is at once the most sublime and the most trivial of human pursuits.
Solitude begets whimsies.
Unanimous hatred is the greatest medicine for a human community. 
Great tranquility of heart is his who cares for neither praise not blame.
Early and provident fear is the mother of safety.
The presidency has many problems, but boredom is the least of them.
I am prepared to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
A small family is soon provided for.
And verily, a woman need know but one man well, in order to understand all men; whereas a man may know all women and understand not one of them.
Many people lose their tempers merely from seeing you keep yours.
All the world is full of suffering. It is also full of overcoming.
A heart that loves is always young. Happy Valentines Day
All forms of self-defeating behavior are unseen and unconscious, which is why their existence is denied.
Be wise in the decisions you make! sometimes it only takes a minute to make a decision, but you may end up spending a lifetimes regretting it.
Locations are all tough, all miserable. I never left the sound stage for 18 years at Warners. We never went outside the studio, not even for big scenes.
You know quite well, deep within you, that there is only a single magic, a single power, a single salvation...and that is called loving. Well, then, love your suffering. Do not resist it, do not flee from it. It is your aversion that hurts, nothing else.
Never was a cornflake girl;  Thought it was a good solution: hanging with the raisin girls.
Elections are won by men and women chiefly because most people vote against somebody rather than for somebody.
Let work itself be the ambition.
Every reform, however necessary, will by weak minds be carried to an excess, that itself will need reforming.
I never stop loving someone. I just learn to live without them.
You cannot get ahead while you are getting even.
Morality, like language, is an invented structure for conserving and communicating order. And morality is learned, like language, by mimicking and remembering.
Our cautious ancestors, when yawning, blocked the way to the entrance of evil spirits by putting their hands before their mouths. We find a reason for the gesture in the delicacy of manner which forbids an indecent exposure.
If you are not in fashion, you are nobody.
I love my government not least for the extent to which it leaves me alone.
Love is a force more formidable than any other. It is invisible - it cannot be seen or measured, yet it is powerful enough to transform you in a moment, and offer you more joy than any material possession could.
Malice is only another name for mediocrity.
In a true zero-defects approach, there are no unimportant items.
There was a time when all these things would have passed me by, like the flitting figures of a theatre, sufficient for the amusement of an hour. But now, I have lost the power of looking merely on the surface.
It sounds funny, but the 2008 Olympics were something that just kind of happened, and I was lucky they came at a point when I was uninjured and well prepared. As a gymnast, you can\'t ask for much more.
When lovely woman stoops to folly, and finds too late that men betray, what charm can soothe her melancholy, what art can wash her guilt away?
I directed my first film. Its about the economy and its called Bend Over. Its an hour and a half of a single continuous shot of an ass naked and bent over. 
All things atrocious and shameless flock from all parts to Rome.
The law condemns the best of us; but grace saves the worst of us.
Let your hook be always cast. In the pool where you least expect it, will be fish.
Not for nothing is their motto TGIF - \'Thank God It\'s Friday.\' They live for the weekends, when they can go do what they really want to do.
A lean agreement is better than a fat judgment.
Non-violence and truth are inseparable and presuppose one another.
Creativity is inventing, experimenting, growing, taking risks, breaking rules, making mistakes, and having fun.
As he kissed me, I wondered how, in the middle of a rainstorm I could feel like I was burning alive.
You forget that the fruits belong to all and that the land belongs to no one.
Of all the things I could know, my own faults and weaknesses are pretty much the most important.
Imprisoned in every fat man, a thin one is wildly signaling to be let out.
Some people look for a beautiful place, Others make a place beautiful.
In order to know where you are going, you must know where you have been.
All limits are self imposed.
I knew you would do me good in some way, at some time--I saw it in your eyes when I first beheld you.
Her majesty is one verb short of a sentence.
Law is nothing unless close behind it stands a warm, living public opinion.
Nothing in life is more wonderful than faith-the one great moving force which we can neither weigh in the balance nor test in the crucible.
It is not our purpose to become each other; it is to recognize each other, to learn to see the other and honor him for what he is.
You can\'t stay the same. If you\'re a musician and a singer, you have to change, that\'s the way it works.
Knowledge is only potential power.
We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork.
I often shoot with scissors in my eyes.
A house is a machine for living in.
Life would be so wonderful if we only knew what to do with it.
Great lives never go out; they go on.
Those objecting to the concept of race argue that the taxonomic definitions are arbitrary and subjective.
A coward is much more exposed to quarrels than a man of spirit.
Facts from paper are not the same as facts from people. The reliability of the people giving you the facts is as important as the facts themselves.
If there is technological advance without social advance, there is, almost automatically, an increase in human misery.
There are times when the law jeopardizes those who obey it.
If there is something to gain and nothing to lose by asking, by all means ask!
We are all full of weakness and errors; let us mutually pardon each other our follies - it is the first law of nature.
The blind man is laughing at the bald head.
Silence is as full of potential wisdom and wit as the unshown marble of great sculpture. The silent bear no witness against themselves.
When I was little, I hated showers. Now I make life decisions in there.!!
There\'s no secret about success. Did you ever know a successful man who didn\'t tell you about it?
Can you kiss me on the cheek so I can at least say a cute girl kissed me tonight?
My presence speaks volumes before I say a word.
Why am i so afraid to lose you when you are not even mine?
Beauty doesn\'t matter because in the end, we all lose our looks and all we have is our heart.
Sometimes we hold on to our possessions because we fear we might run out - life seems scarce. But when we believe that giving is the way to live, we will produce more in the future - life seems abundant.
We can forgive a man for making a useful thing as long as he does not admire it. The only excuse for making a useless thing is that one admires it intensely.
I must lose myself in action, lest I wither in despair.
People do make mistakes and I think they should be punished. But they should be forgiven and given the opportunity for a second chance. We are human beings.
Growing up, mostly in Montreal, I was an only child of loving parents.
Silence implies consent.
Where there is sorrow there is holy ground.
We should not focus on the doors that God closes. Change does not have to be a bad thing. Change means growth.
There are three constants in life... change, choice and principles.
Man is a gaming animal. He must always be trying to get the better in something or other.
When you read the psychedelic literature, there is a distinction between the so-called natural psychedelics and synthetic psychedelics that are artificially produced.
A geek isn\'t the skinny kid with a pocket protector and acne. There can be computer geeks, video game geeks, car geeks, military geeks, and sports geeks. Being a geek just means that you\'re passionate about something.
I would have had my patent long, long ago, and it would have run out long, long ago. I would have made, maybe, $100.000, much less that the patent has brought me now.
Nobody wants to hear this, but sometimes the person you want most, is the person youre best without.
I buried a lot of my ironing in the back yard.
You need not tell all the truth, unless to those who have a right to know it all. But let all you tell be truth.
A person often meets his destiny on the road he took to avoid it.
Libertarians argue that no normal adult has the right to impose choices on other normal adults, except in abnormal circumstances, such as when one person finds another unconscious and administers medical assistance or calls an ambulance.
Of representative assemblies may not this good be said: that contending parties fight there, since fight they must, by petition [and] parliamentary eloquence, not by sword, bayonet and bursts of military cannon.
True guilt is guilt at the obligation one owes to oneself to be oneself. False guilt is guilt felt at not being what other people feel one ought to be or assume that one is.
You will never find any more loose change than you have already lost.
Let the first impulse pass, wait for the second.
When I get off the plane in England I always feel about two inches shorter.
No one likes change but babies in diapers.
You can be committed to Church but not committed to Christ, but you cannot be committed to Christ and not committed to church.
What is the beautiful, if not the impossible.
I like rhyme because it is memorable, I like form because having to work to a pattern gives me original ideas.
He who asks a question is a fool for five minutes; he who does not ask a question remains a fool forever.
If you aren\'t playing well, the game isn\'t as much fun. When that happens I tell myself just to go out and play as I did when I was a kid.
I like to walk around my apartment naked. I like sitting around in the nude watching sports, actually.
I was 12 when I started playing guitar with my brothers.
Technology should be an important ingredient. It may be and should be a tool for social development.
No! I am not Prince Hamlet, nor was meant to be: am an attendant lord, one that will do to swell a progress, start a scene or two, advise the prince.
What an ugly beast the ape, and how like us.
If you wish to avoid foreign collision, you had better abandon the ocean.
Believe there is a great power silently working all things for good, behave yourself and never mind the rest.
What flares up fast, extinguishes soon.
The ideas of the ruling class are in every epoch the ruling ideas, i.e., the class which is the ruling material force of society, is at the same time its ruling intellectual force.
Success and suffering are vitally and organically linked. If you succeed without suffering, it is because someone suffered for you; if you suffer without succeeding, it is in order that someone else may succeed after you.
the past is only the future with the lights on.
My dreams for the future are simple: work, a happy, healthy family, a lovely long motorcycle ride, and continuing the struggle to awaken people to the need for serious human rights reform.
Truth is a gem that is found at a great depth; whilst on the surface of the world all things are weighed by the false scale of custom.
May this new year all your dreams turn into reality and all your efforts into great achievements.
Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity.
Moderation is the key of lasting enjoyment.
Is your animosity towards a person warranted or is it a reflection of your own insecurities 
Self-respect is a question of recognizing that anything worth having has a price.
Words to me were magic. You could say a word and it could conjure up all kinds of images or feelings or a chilly sensation or whatever. It was amazing to me that words had this power.
Blessed are those who give without remembering and take without forgetting.
Even in the valley of the shadow of death, two and two do not make six.
Forever is composed of nows.
The shortest answer is doing.
Wisdom in a poor man is a diamond set in lead.
The truly educated man is that rare individual who can separate reality from illusion.
There are two types of people in this world. People who hate clowns...and clowns. (Bobby Pendragon)
Old age is not a disease - it is strength and survivorship, triumph over all kinds of vicissitudes and disappointments, trials and illnesses.
The multitude which is not brought to act as unity, is confusion. That unity which has not its origin in the multitude is tyranny.
Chivalry is the most delicate form of contempt.
A scrupulous writer, in every sentence that he writes, will ask himself at least four questions, thus: 1. What am I trying to say? 2. What words will express it? 3. What image or idiom will make it clearer? 4. Is this image fresh enough to have an effect?
India is a global power and an important partner with whom we are building an intense, broad and enduring relationship.
Friends are proved by adversity.
A certain degree of neurosis is of inestimable value as a drive, especially to a psychologist.
A teacher who is not dogmatic is simply a teacher who is not teaching.
After tears and reflection comes maturity.
Be kind to your mother-in-law, but pay for her board at some good hotel.
All the people like us are We, And everyone else is They. And They live over the sea, While We live over the way. But-would you believe it?-They look upon We As only a sort of They.
I was a little bit chubby when I was a kid.
The real political life in Russia unfortunately is not in the parliament but on the streets and in the media.
The bounties of space, of infinite outwardness, were three: empty heroics, low comedy, and pointless death.
Make yourself an honest man, and then you may be sure there is one rascal less in the world.
Suicide is not abominable because God prohibits it; God prohibits it because it is abominable.
Cleanliness is indeed next to godliness.
In things pertaining to enthusiasm, no man is sane who does not know how to be insane on proper occasions.
The source known as Deep Throat provided a kind of road map through the scandal. His one consistent message was that the Watergate burglary was just the tip of the iceberg.
The schematicism by which our understanding deals with the phenomenal world ... is a skill so deeply hidden in the human soul that we shall hardly guess the secret trick that Nature here employs.
The public must and will be served.
Sometimes you never know the real value of a moment until it becomes a memory.
In the society, where people are just parts in a larger machine, individuals are unable to develop fully.
No matter how strong a person is, they have a weak point and sometimes all they need is a hug.
But thousands die without or this or that, die, and endow a college, or a cat: To some, indeed, Heaven grants the happier fate, Tenrich a bastard, or a son they hate.
Peace, plenty, and contentment reign throughout our borders, and our beloved country presents a sublime moral spectacle to the world.
So much of what is best in us is bound up in our love of family, that it remains the measure of our stability because it measures our sense of loyalty. All other pacts of love or fear derive from it and are modeled upon it.
Happy or unhappy, families are all mysterious. We have only to imagine how differently we would be described - and will be, after our deaths - by each of the family members who believe they know us.
I heard Sidney Bechet play a Duke Ellington piece and fell in love with the soprano saxophone.
A lot of people mistake a short memory for a clear conscience.
We always overestimate the change that will occur in the next two years and underestimate the change that will occur in the next ten. Don\'t let yourself be lulled into inaction.
Selfishness, not love, is the actuating motive of the gallant.
I don\'t design clothes, I design dreams.
Old age is the most unexpected of all things that happen to a man.
He who defends everything defends nothing.
There is only one cure for gray hair. It was invented by a Frenchman. It is called the guillotine.
My will and self restraint. Have come to fail now, fail now.
Conscience does make cowards of us all.
Born in iniquity and conceived in sin, the spirit of nationalism has never ceased to bend human institutions to the service of dissension and distress.
I live with the people I create and it has always made my essential loneliness less keen.
I wish either my father or my mother, or indeed both of them, as they were in duty both equally bound to it, had minded what they were about when they begot me.
There is nothing evil save that which perverts the mind and shackles the conscience.
Our tradition of political thought had its definite beginning in the teachings of Plato and Aristotle. I believe it came to a no less definite end in the theories of Karl Marx.
When people are lonely they stoop to any companionship.
We stand, as it were, on the shore, and see multitudes of our fellow beings struggling in the water, stretching forth their arms, sinking, drowning, and we are powerless to assist them.
Religion is the opiate of the masses.
In the brightest hour of my darkest day I realized what is wrong with me<BR>Forever 
A man growing old becomes a child again.
Toleration is the greatest gift of the mind; it requires the same effort of the brain that it takes to balance oneself on a bicycle.
I do not understand what the man who is happy wants in order to be happier.
people call me weird and think i take it personally. if you really want to upset me you should call me normal
We ought to fly away from earth to heaven as quickly as we can; and to fly away is to become like God, as far as this is possible; and to become like him is to become holy, just, and wise.
When you focus on being a blessing, God makes sure that you are always blessed in abundance.
Call the bear “Uncle” till you are safe across the bridge.
Courage is spelled I-N-T-E-G-R-I-T-Y.
Advice is judged by results, not by intentions.
The capacity for hope is the most significant fact of life. It provides human beings with a sense of destination and the energy to get started.
It is very east to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit and gumption to forgive them for having witnessed your own.
A friend is, as it were, a second self.
From Watergate we learned what generations before us have known; our Constitution works.  And during Watergate years it was interpreted again so as to reaffirm that no one - absolutely no one - is above the law.
Anyone who thinks my story is anywhere near over is sadly mistaken.
Let me tell you about the very rich. They are different from you and me. They possess and enjoy early, and it does something to them, makes them soft where we are trustful, in a way that, unless you were born rich, it is very difficult to understand.
A library is not a luxury but one of the necessities of life.
Purity and simplicity are the two wings with which man soars above the earth and all temporary nature.
Spontaneity has its time and its place.
Our body is a well-set clock, which keeps good time, but if it be too much or indiscreetly tampered with, the alarm runs out before the hour.
Crises bring out the best in the best of us, and the worst in the worst of us.
There is no such thing as public opinion. There is only published opinion.
A nation is a detour of nature to arrive at five or six great men- yes, and then to get around them.
Fear that man who fears not God.
A brother is a friend given by Nature.
Luck is the idol of the idle.
This city now does, like a garment, wear the beauty of the morning; silent bare, ships, towers, domes, theatres and temples lie open unto the fields and to the sky; All bright and glittering in the smokeless air.
After we have calmly stood by and allowed monopolies to grow fat, we should not be asked to make them bloated.
For beauty is nothing but the beginning of terror  which we are barely able to endure, and it amazes us so,  because it serenely disdains to destroy us.  Every angel is terrible.
In order to form an immaculate member of a flock of sheep one must, above all, be a sheep.
Then, in that hour of deliverance, my heart spoke. Does not such a country, and such defenders of their country, deserve a song?
Any fool can carry on, but only the wise man knows how to shorten sail.
There will always be a reason why you meet people. Either you need them to change your life or you are the one that will change theirs.
I am one of a kind. There are no stunt doubles of me.
On A Scale Of 1 To 10, Youre A 9. Im The 1 You Need.
If the egotist is weak, his egotism is worthless. If the egotist is strong, acute, full of distinctive character, his egotism is precious, and remains a possession of the race.
If you don\'t want my God here, you don\'t want me here either. God has been too good to me to go and try to sell out to get some money.
Common sense is seeing things as they are, and doing things as they should be done.
Is adult entertainment killing our children? or is killing our children entertaining our adults?
Your inner knowing is your only true compass.
I have lived long enough to satisfy both nature and glory.
My research in this period centered around growth, technical change, and income distribution, both how growth affected the distribution of income and how the distribution of income affected growth.
An artist cannot fail it is a success to be one.
Heres my heart, Ill let you break it.
We could see that he was a charismatic guy who jumps over the moon and is very competitive, but nobody could have predicted what he would become to our culture.
It is well to be happy and wise and well to be honest and true; it is well to be off with the old love, before you are on with the new.
One thing I hate in movies is when the camera starts circling around the characters. I find that totally fake.
Thoughts are but dreams till their effect be tried.
All violence consists in some people forcing others, under threat of suffering or death, to do what they do not want to do.
A young man is a theory, an old man is a fact.
Never chase a lie. Let it alone, and it will run itself to death. I can work out a good character much faster than anyone can lie me out of it
Conceit spoils the finest genius. There is not much danger that real talent or goodness will be overlooked long; even if it is, the consciousness of possessing and using it well should satisfy one, and the great charm of all power is modesty.
The rich and the well-born, according to the Federalist Papers, was greatly feared by the founders.
Ours is a culture based on excess, on overproduction; the result is a steady loss of sharpness in our sensory experience. All the conditions of modern life -- its material plenitude, its sheer crowdedness -- conjoin to dull our sensory faculties.
The moon is at her full, and riding high, Floods the calm fields with light. The airs that hover in the summer sky Are all asleep tonight.
Over the years, God and St. Therese have kept me going no matter how bad things were.
Joe Louis was one of my first heroes.
Love and desire are the spirit\'s wings to great deeds.
Men should only believe half of what women say. But which half?
Happiness is not pleasure, it is victory.
Anger is only one letter short of danger.
Egotism, n: Doing the New York Times crossword puzzle with a pen.
The measure of a life, after all, is not its duration, but its donation.
Countries such as the U.S. and Britain have taken it upon themselves to decide for us in the developing world, even to interfere in our domestic affairs and to bring about what they call regime change.
War has always been the grand sagacity of every spirit which has grown too inward and too profound; its curative power lies even in the wounds one receives.
The heresy of one age becomes the orthodoxy of the next.
I love sports. I love animals. I love kids. I want to save the world. So how do I combine all those things? I don\'t know.
Anxiety is the handmaiden of contemporary ambition. 
You decide who you are, not society.
In a hierarchy, every employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence.
Your parents brought you up. Dont ever bring them down.
The scar had not pained Harry for nineteen years. All was well.
Lying is done with words and also with silence.
Everyday I ask myself, hows it possible to love anyone as much as I love you? When I look in your eyes all my questions are answered.
I really missed going to college. I missed not having that education and that experience.
If you hope for happiness in the world, hope for it from God, and not from the world.
I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else.
You control your future, your destiny. What you think about comes about. By recording your dreams and goals on paper, you set in motion the process of becoming the person you most want to be. Put your future in good hands   your own.
The body is an instrument, the mind its function, the witness and reward of its operation.
Young players need freedom of expression to develop as creative players... they should be encouraged to try skills without fear of failure.
There is a proper dignity and proportion to be observed in the performance of every act of life.
To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as one\'s own in the midst of abundance.
What do you call a group of people where two people are thinking of Love & all other are thinking of food? . . . . . . . . WEDDING
If I have a style, I am not aware of it.
Good advice is better than gold.
Before I met you I never knew what it was like; to look at someone and smile for no reason.
A little sincerity is a dangerous thing, and a great deal of it is absolutely fatal.
Foul water will quench fire.
When you stretch the truth, watch out for the snapback.
Schizophrenia may be a necessary consequence of literacy.
Our contest is not only whether we ourselves shall be free, but whether there shall be left to mankind an asylum on earth for civil and religious liberty.
Create happiness in life by enjoying simple things in this complicated world.
The shortest way to do many things is to do only one thing at a time.
Two wrongs do not make a right.
It is a very sad thing that nowadays there is so little useless information.
There is nothing wrong with intellectual differences flowing from freedom of thought as long as such differences remain confined to intellectual debates.
Nothing is more admirable than the fortitude with which millionaires tolerate the disadvantages of their wealth.
Love is the substance of all life. Everything is connected in love, absolutely everything.
You are only young once, but you can be immature forever.
When possible make the decisions now, even if action is in the future. A reviewed decision usually is better than one reached at the last moment.
He is a fool that kisseth the maid when he may kiss the mistress.
I believe it is peace in our time.
Actors are good liars; writers are good liars with good memories.
The world is the house of the strong. I shall not know until the end what I have lost or won in this place, in this vast gambling den where I have spent more than sixty years, dicebox in hand, shaking the dice.
How we apples swim! said the horse-turd.
Custer had dead heroes. Crazy Horse had only live ones.
So, baseball is probably more physical of the two mentally.
Let schoolmasters puzzle their brain, With grammar, and nonsense, and learning, Good liquor, I stoutly maintain, Gives genius a better discerning.
Shoulder the sky, my lad, and drink your ale.
Life isnt about getting and having, its about giving and being.
I like new ballets because they\'re totally new. As you get older, new experiences are harder and harder to come by, so it\'s pretty great to have a new experience.
Two minutes of silence for all those who study so much more than you but get the same marks as you.
Time has no divisions to mark its passage, there is never a thunder-storm or blare of trumpets to announce the beginning of a new month or year. Even when a new century begins it is only we mortals who ring bells and fire off pistols.
Better be the head of a rat than the tail of a lion.
To love what you do and feel that it matters how could anything be more fun?
There are only about a half dozen things that make 80% of the difference in any area of our lives.
My mother was a good recreational cook, but what she basically believed about cooking was that if you worked hard and prospered, someone else would do it for you.
A budget tells us what we can\'t afford, but it doesn\'t keep us from buying it.
The journey is what brings us happiness not the destination.
The rapture of pursuing is the prize the vanquished gain.
Try to be like the turtle - at ease in your own shell.
Read not to contradict and confute; nor to believe and take for granted; nor to find talk and discourse; but to weigh and consider.
Words can be said in bitterness and anger, and often there seems to be an element of truth in the nastiness. And words don\'t go away, they just echo around.
We are all apprentices in a craft where no one ever becomes a master.
People are quite shocked when you remind them that Elvis Presley and Frank Sinatra never wrote a song that they recorded in their lives, as far as I know.
Every man should be born again on the first day of JANUARY. Start with a fresh page.
I wish I could put people on mute.
In business, words are words; explanations are explanations, promises are promises, but only performance is reality.
From the scientific view the theory of karma may be a metaphysical assumption  but it is no more so than the assumption that all of life is material and originated out of pure chance 
If it were necessary to give the briefest possible definition of imperialism, we should have to say that imperialism is the monopoly stage of capitalism.
Go for someone who isnt only proud to have you, but will also take every risk just to be with you!!
Listening well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well.
I was very immature when I was young, and for me there was no balance. Everything was just all or nothing.
It is the State which educates its citizens in civic virtue, gives them a consciousness of their mission and welds them into unity.
Man is descended from a hairy-tailed quadruped, probably arboreal in his habits.
I will not speak with disrespect of the Republican Party. I always speak with respect of the past.
Love begins at home, and it is not how much we do... but how much love we put in that action.
Morning comes whether you set the alarm or not.
The father who does not teach his son his duties is equally guilty with the son who neglects them.
Luck is the by-product of busting your fanny.
You have to know when to strike and when to retreat.
A healthy body is a guest chamber for the soul: a sick body is a prison.
There is no true holiness without humility.
I mentioned the non-competitive spirit explicitly, because these days, excellence is a fashionable concept. But excellence is a competitive notion, and that is not what we are heading for: we are heading for perfection.
Men first feel necessity, then look for utility, next attend to comfort, still later amuse themselves with pleasure, thence grow dissolute in luxury, and finally go mad and waste their substance.
Dont stress. Do your best. Forget the rest.
While the invisible hand looks after the private sector, the invisible foot kicks the public sector to pieces.
The only unnatural sex act is that which you cannot perform.
Now I have to motivate myself much more than I had previously.
All I want to do is change the world.
Hundreds would never have known want if they had not at first known waste.
The speed of the leader is the speed of the gang.
Freedom is the emancipation from the arbitrary rule of other men.
What is popularly called fame is nothing but an empty name and a legacy from paganism.
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.
Goodbye without reasons is the most painful one. Love without reasons is the most beautiful one.
Since love first made the breast an instrument Of fierce lamenting, by its flame my heart Was molten to a mirror, like a rose I pluck my breast apart, that I may hang This mirror in your sight.
Justifying conscription to promote the cause of liberty is one of the most bizarre notions ever conceived by man! Forced servitude, with the risk of death and serious injury as a price to live free, makes no sense.
The four stages of life are infancy, childhood, adolescence, and obsolescence.
One often meets his destiny on the road he takes to avoid it.
Honor is unstable and seldom the same; for she feeds upon opinion, and is as fickle as her food.
The American ideal is youth --handsome, empty youth.
The world is what YOU think of it so think of it DIFFERENTLY and your life will change. 
It is safe to say that no other superstition is so detrimental to growth, so enervating and paralyzing to the minds and hearts of the people, as the superstition of Morality.
If God would have wanted us to live in a permissive society He would have given us Ten Suggestions and not Ten Commandments.
Being defeated is often temporary, giving up makes it permanent.
Adversity is the first path to truth.
Calling a taxi in Texas is like calling a rabbi in Iraq.
Children in the dark cause accidents, accidents in the dark cause children.
Philanthropic people lose all sense of humanity. It is their distinguishing characteristic.
A nation may lose its liberties in a day and not miss them in a century.
I like America, and I think probably the American people like me.
We all live in a televised goldfish bowl.
when a language dies a way of understanding the world dies with it a way of looking at the world.  
Euphemism is a euphemism for lying.
Democracy does not guarantee equality of conditions - it only guarantees equality of opportunity.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
The things most people want to know about are usually none of their business.
There are hundreds of languages  but a smile speaks them all.
Do something you really like, and hopefully it pays the rent. As far as I\'m concerned, that\'s success.
I stood among them, but not of them; in a shroud of thoughts which were not their thoughts.
Be niggards of advice on no pretense, For the worst avarice is that of sense.
Your persistence is your measure of faith in yourself.
I was very sporty at school, and sport was probably the thing I was best at, but my real passion was for fashion.
One pound of learning requires ten pounds of common sense to apply it.
Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.
The art of the police is not to see what it is useless that it should see.
My head tells me that i dont love you, But my heart tells me you are a liar..
I pay parking tickets. You know, you can try to give 50%, but then they charge you all those penalties! Seriously, I have gotten many, many, many tickets in my life.
I would rather be adorned by beauty of character than jewels. Jewels are the gift of fortune, while character comes from within.
Authority poisons everybody who takes authority on himself.
No flying machine will ever fly from New York to Paris.
But men are men the best sometimes forget.
Nothing is more sad than the death of an illusion.
Blind faith in your leaders, or in anything, will get you killed.
If there be one principle more deeply rooted than any other in the mind of every American, it is that we should have nothing to do with conquest.
If days were people, Monday would be the one person Id punch in the face with boxing gloves made of dog shit .
All the world\'s a stage, and all the men and women merely players: they have their exits and their entrances; and one man in his time plays many parts, his acts being seven ages.
Everybody has a hot button. Who is pushing yours? While you probably cannot control that person, you CAN control the way you react to them.
The finest language is mostly made up of simple unimposing words.
Where annual elections end where slavery begins.
The fact that a man is a newspaper reporter is evidence of some flaw of character.
Black people should have recognition for themselves and their backgrounds and their relationships with other people in the world and thus lose some of their alienation. This museum has certainly stood for that in this town.
Oh you are dating my ex? Cool, Im eating a sandwich . want those leftovers too?
Opinions founded on prejudice are always sustained with the greatest violence.
Home is a notion that only nations of the homeless fully appreciate and only the uprooted comprehend.
The stroke of death is as a lover\'s pinch, which hurts and is desired.
Goodness without wisdom always accomplishes evil.
If men knew all that women think, they would be twenty times more audacious.
I am of the African race, and in the colour which is natural to them of the deepest dye; and it is under a sense of the most profound gratitude to the Supreme Ruler of the Universe.
Abstaining is favorable both to the head and the pocket.
The enemy is anybody whos going to get you killed no matter which side he is on. 
Flow down and down in always widening rings of being.
If a man could say nothing against a character but what he can prove, history could not be written.
For years and years I have done the work I was born for.
The average pencil is seven inches long, with just a half-inch eraser - in case you thought optimism was dead.
Are your parents siblings?
A family is a risky venture, because the greater the love, the greater the loss... That\'s the trade-off. But I\'ll take it all.
I have never seen a man as fond of virtue as of women.
Sometimes being too nice is dangerous, you have to show your mean side once in a while to avoid getting hurt.
If we put our trust in the common sense of common men and \'with malice toward none and charity for all\' go forward on the great adventure of making political, economic and social democracy a practical reality, we shall not fail.
Call me Jonah. My parents did, or nearly did. They called me John.
If God listened to the prayers of men, all men would quickly have perished: for they are forever praying for evil against one another.
Be very careful about what you think . Your thoughts run your life.
No law can give power to private persons; every law transfers power from private persons to government.
Three-fourths of the mistakes a man makes are made because he does not really know what he thinks he knows.
The mode in which the inevitable comes to pass is through effort.
The absurd is sin without God.
I am deeply saddened by the death of my dear friend, Dudley Moore.
Correction does much, but encouragement does more. Encouragement after censure is as the sun after a shower.
Live fast, die young and have a good-looking corpse.
Gratitude is a duty which ought to be paid, but which none have a right to expect.
The adjective is the banana peel of the parts of speech.
Life is fragile. We\'re not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you\'ve got.
The firm, the enduring, the simple, and the modest are near to virtue.
A god who let us prove his existence would be an idol.
Nor is it that truly a belief at all which has not some influence upon the actions of him who holds it.
The only way to get rid of responsibilities is to discharge them.
You do not travel if you are afraid of the unknown, you travel for the unknown, that reveals you with yourself.
What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness?
Knowledge of the sciences is so much smoke apart from the heavenly science of Christ.
If you love those who love you, what credit is that to you? For even sinners love those who love them. And if you do good to those who do good to you, what credit is that to you? For even sinners do the same.
The physician who killed me, Neither bled, purge or pilled me, Nor counted my pulse but it comes to the same, In the height of my fever I thought of his name.
A windmill is eternally at work to accomplish one end, although it shifts with every variation of the weathercock, and assumes ten different positions in a day.
I have the impression that cycling is no longer a game but rather an employment… a job.
I had my shortcomings – crazy hair, braces, bad skin and all that stuff. I went through it all.
Failure too is a form of death.
If I can do one hundredth part for the Indian that Mrs. Stowe did for the Negro, I will be thankful.
The reconnection of society, economy and ethics is a project we cannot postpone.
Nothing can seem foul to those who win.
There are things known, and there are things unknown. And in between are the doors.
A short letter to a distant friend is, in my opinion, an insult like that of a slight bow or cursory salutation -- a proof of unwillingness to do much, even where there is a necessity of doing something.
We have not the reverent feeling for the rainbow that a savage has, because we know how it is made. We have lost as much as we gained by prying into that matter.
May your pockets be heavy and your heart be light. May good luck pursue you each morning & night.
Art is long, life short, judgment difficult, opportunity transient.
Far off in the red mangroves an alligator has heaved himself onto a hummock of grass and lies there, studying his poems.
Life always has many things to bring you down. But, what can really bring you down is your attitude
Even as a tortoise draws in its limbs, the wise can draw in their senses at will.
The most thought-provoking thing in our thought-provoking time is that we are still not thinking.
Not being tense but ready.  Not thinking but not dreaming.  Not being set but flexible.  Liberation from the uneasy sense of confinement.  It is being wholly and quietly alive, aware and alert, ready for whatever may come.
One sword keeps another in the sheath.
The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
To me, error analysis is the sweet spot for improvement.
Can a moment of madness make up for an age of consent?
The view only changes for the lead dog.
A well governed appetite is the greater part of liberty.
Control your life through insanity.
Charity is no substitute for justice withheld.
As you become more clear about who you really are, youll be better able to decide what is best for you - the first time around
The purely agitational attitude is not good enough for a detailed consideration of a subject.
Unfortunately, the people of Louisiana are not racists.
Its funny how a single decision can change entire course of your life and it turns you into what you never wanted to be.
Theres nothing wrong with making a mistake, whats wrong is not making the effort to make it right.
As it has been said:  Love and a cough  cannot be concealed.  Even a small cough.  Even a small love.
Someone asked me what is UR attitude
All farewells should be sudden, when forever.
Homophobia is just that: a phobia.
The Path that leadeth on is lighted by one fire - the light of daring burning in the heart. The more one dares, the more he shall obtain.
Make sure the important people in your life know how important they are before its too late.
The Moving Finger writes; and, having writ, Moves on: nor all your Piety nor Wit Shall lure it back to cancel half a Line, Nor all your Tears wash out a Word of it.
A moderate addiction to money may not always be hurtful; but when taken in excess it is nearly always bad for the health.
We are organizing Jewry for its coming destiny.
I desire the things which will destroy me in the end.
The result of long-term relationships is better and better quality, and lower and lower costs.
The ballot is stronger than the bullet.
Waiting for the day when all those lucky pennies and four leaf clovers start working their magic.
Tis strange,-but true; for truth is always strange;  Stranger than fiction: if it could be told,  How much would novels gain by the exchange!  How differently the world would men behold!
I want to put a ding in the universe.
In general I do not draw well with literary men -- not that I dislike them but I never know what to say to them after I have praised their last publication.
A weasel comes to say Happy New Year? to the chickens?.
I think most corporate executives are good honorable honest men and women who do good work.
An escalating, violent tit-for-tat may lead to terrorism.
Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us.
When you cease to exist, then who will you blame?
He who can, does. He who cannot, teaches.
Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves.
I was just the youngest in the family, and most in desperate need of attention.
We go on and on about our differences. But, you know, our differences are less important than our similarities. People have a lot in common with one another, whether they see that or not.
He is rich or poor according to what he is, not according to what he has.
It is pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness; poverty and wealth have both failed.
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
Memory is the thing you forget with.
I have noticed that nothing I never said ever did me any harm.
Ceremony is the smoke of friendship.
A policy is a temporary creed liable to be changed, but while it holds good it has got to be pursued with apostolic zeal.
Those who wish to appear wise among fools, among the wise seem foolish.
It is so hard to believe because it is so hard to obey.
Man is so made that when anything fires his soul, impossibilities vanish
Pride and dignity would belong to women if only men would leave them alone.
Though the bribe be small, yet the fault is great.
Art is much less important than life, but what a poor life without it.
We are here to make another world.
It is always better  to avenge dear ones than to indulge in mourning.  For every one of us, living in this world  means waiting for our end. Let whoever can  win glory before death. When a warrior is gone,  that will be his best and only bulwark.
The real man is one who always finds excuses for others, but never excuses himself.
We are too much accustomed to attribute to a single cause that which is the product of several, and the majority of our controversies come from that.
What comes seldom, comes sharp.
Fear is the passion of slaves.
Even if happiness forgets you a little bit, never completely forget about it.
A bad father has never a good son.
When the sword of rebellion is drawn, the sheath should be thrown away.
Be nice to your kids. Theyll choose your old-age home.
Honestly, I am not trying to discourage anyone from becoming an actress, but if you want to become one be prepared to face everything that comes - along with it.
Im not interested in the PG-version of life.
I love you and you love me, then why cant we be together?
One thing I have desired of the Lord, that will I seek: That I may dwell in the house f the Lord all the days of my life, to behold the beauty of the Lord, and to inquire in His temple. Psalms 27:4
What is that you express in your eyes? It seems to me more than all the print i have read in my life.
Let the future tell the truth, and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine.
Four specters haunt the Poor -- Old Age, Accident, Sickness and Unemployment. We are going to exorcise them. We are going to drive hunger from the hearth. We mean to banish the workhouse from the horizon of every workman in the land.
The wisest man is he who does not fancy that he is so at all.
To live anywhere in the world today and be against equality because of race or color is like living in Alaska and being against snow.
Nothing is lost yet, nothing broken, and yet the cold blue word is spoken: say goodbye now to the Sun, the days of love and leaves are done.
Sometimes silence says everything louder than any words could ever be said..
Most fear stems from sin; to limit one\'s sins, one must assuredly limit one\'s fear, thereby bringing more peace to one\'s spirit.
Intelligence is not to make no mistakes, but to see quickly how to make them good.
The German people is not marked by original sin, but by original nobility.
We live by admiration, hope and love.
Success is always temporary. When all is said and one, the only thing you\'ll have left is your character.
A friendship that like love is warm; A love like friendship, steady.
Creativity is the answer. I always prefer the creative solution to an expensive solution.
If you watch a game, it\'s fun. If you play it, it\'s recreation. If you work at it, it\'s golf.
Conversation should touch everything but should concentrate itself on nothing.
Many attempts to communicate are nullified by saying too much.
If my art has nothing to do with people\'s pain and sorrow, what is \'art\' for?
He was afflicted by the thought that where Beauty was, nothing ever ran quite straight, which no doubt, was why so many people looked on it as immoral.
Adversity has the same effect on a man that severe training has on the pugilist -- it reduces him to his fighting weight.
Precious gems are profoundly buried in the earth and can only be extracted at the expense of great labor.
Quality is a direct experience independent of and prior to intellectual abstractions.
It is time for us to turn to each other, not on each other.
O City city, I can sometimes hear Beside a public bar in Lower Thames Street, The pleasant whining of a mandoline And a clatter and a chatter from within Where fishmen lounge at noon: where the walls Of Magnus Martyr hold Inexplicable splendour of Ionian white and gold.
Improvement makes straight roads; but the crooked roads without improvement are the roads of genius.
Success is 99% attitude and 1% aptitude
The duty of comedy is to correct men by amusing them.
Martyrdom has always been a proof of the intensity, never of the correctness of a belief.
We need quiet time to examine our lives openly and honestly - spending quiet time alone gives your mind an opportunity to renew itself and create order.
Mathematics is the music of reason.
There are those who will say that the liberation of humanity, the freedom of man and mind is nothing but a dream. They are right. It is the American Dream.
There is a fuzzy but real distinction that can and I believe should be made, between patriotism, which is attachment to a way of life, and nationalism, which is the insistence that your way of life deserves to rule over other ways of life.
We had more viewers on the broadcast network than we did on the cable channel.
Care more than others think wise.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.
The hardest thing about any political campaign is how to win without proving that you are unworthy of winning.
Of course, tax revenues have ended up being substantially higher than they were at the time these dire projections were made, and we are very close now to having a balanced budget. All that has been very helpful.
When I consider life, it is all a cheat. Yet fooled with hope, people favor this deceit.
When I do get time, I like to hike and I take lots of vitamins and powders to keep healthy.
Love is when you sit beside someone doing nothing yet you feel perfectly happy.
Be so happy that when others look at you they become happy too.
The pen is the tongue of the mind.
Let me say this as clearly as I can: No matter how sharp a grievance or how deep a hurt, there is no justification for killing innocents.
Liberalism is Rationalism in politics.
In this world there are only two tragedies: One is not getting what one wants, and the second is getting it.
Nature is not a place to visit. It is home.
I keep my ideals, because in spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart.
Forgive you? -- Oh, of course, dear, a dozen times a week! We women were created forgiveness but to speak.
At some point we must make a decision not to allow the mere threat of charges of cultural or religious insensitivity to stop us from dealing with this evil.
I was vegetarian for a long time, and in the last four years I started eating chicken and fish. I feel like it really built up my strength a lot.
With this disease it is so easy to throw in the towel, and that is the worst thing we can do.
No fine clothes can hide the clown.
Humility is nothing but truth and pride is nothing but lying. 
Stagnant water grows stinking.
They want you to bring out your intestines.
What we need is more people who specialize in the impossible.
Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor.
Death is not the end. There remains the litigation over the estate.
Be with someone who knows exactly what they have when they have you, not someone who will realize it when theyve lost you.
A war for a great principle ennobles a nation.
They Want You To Be A Docile Apathetic Consumer 
Originality implies being bold enough to go beyond accepted norms.
If people talk about you behind your back, its because youre ahead of them.
At first glance it may appear too hard. Look again. Always look again.
Poetry is indispensable - if I only knew what for.
The hardest years in life are those between ten and seventy.
All the wrong people remember Vietnam. I think all the people who remember it should forget it, and all the people who forgot it should remember it.
Im 65 years old. Everyday the future looks a little bit darker. But the past even the grimy parts of it well it just keeps on getting brighter all the time. 
But now, O Lord, thou art our father; we are the clay, and thou potter; and we all are the work of thy hand.
Remember, living in the present is the only way to be happy.
I am beginning to learn that it is the sweet, simple things of life which are the real ones after all.
No true and permanent fame can be founded except in labors which promote the happiness of mankind.
One of the sad things about contemporary journalism is that it actually matters very little. The world now is almost inured to the power of journalism. The best journalism would manage to outrage people. And people are less and less inclined to outrage.
I sometimes think that the saving grace of America lies in the fact that the overwhelming majority of Americans are possessed of two great qualities- a sense of humor and a sense of proportion.
We must have a theme, a goal, a purpose in our lives. If you don\'t know where you\'re aiming, you don\'t have a goal. My goal is to live my life in such a way that when I die, someone can say, she cared.
Revolutions never go backward.
Lots of people I know have bootlegged tapes of performances and if they play it I will be transported back sometimes with happiness, sometimes with horror.
We define only out of despair, we must have a formula... to give a facade tot he void.
The most merciful thing in the world... is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents.
The essence of greatness is the perception that virtue is enough.
Letter writing is the only device for combining solitude with good company.
You must have discipline to have fun.
Play is the exultation of the possible.
I lead an introverted and boring life here in California.
Variety of mere nothings gives more pleasure than uniformity of something.
Mediocrity is self-inflicted and genius is self-bestowed.
Orators are most vehement when their cause is weak.
Its not what you learn in school its what you learn in life that counts.
To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides.
The interpretation of dreams is the royal road to a knowledge of the unconscious activities of the mind.
You have just dined, and however scrupulously the slaughterhouse is concealed in the graceful distance of miles, there is complicity.
Its a mans job to respect women but its a womans job to give him something to respect.
One pill, two pill, three pill, four,five pill, six pill, seven pill, floor.
Experience is merely the name men gave to their mistakes.
None so deaf as those that will not hear. None so blind as those that will not see.
Ten minutes of genuine belly laughter had an anesthetic effect and would give me at least two hours of pain-free sleep.
From trivial things great contests oft arise.
Remember, the greatest gift is not found in a store nor under a tree, but in the hearts of true friends.
While all deception requires secrecy, all secrecy is not meant to deceive.
I realized that no guy will ever be right for me. Not after I met you.
HAPPY DIWALI TO YOU! may you celebrate it well.surrounded by family,friends,and lots of love and remember..
It all depends on how we look at things, and not how they are in themselves.
People are happier at Yuletime because they take the milk of human kindness out of the deep freeze.
The mind that is wise mourns less for what age takes away than what it leaves behind.
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and its better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
Do not call for black power or green power. Call for brain power.
Repetition is based on body rhythms, so we identify with the heartbeat, or with walking, or with breathing.
The greatest and most important problems of life are all fundamentally insoluble. They can never be solved but only outgrown.
The compelled mother loves her child as the caged bird sings. The song does not justify the cage nor the love the enforcement.
The world is round so that friendship may encircle it.
Lawsuit: A machine which you go into as a pig and come out of as a sausage.
If the United Nations is to survive, those who represent it must bolster it; those who advocate it must submit to it; and those who believe in it must fight for it.
All national institutions of churches, whether Jewish, Christian or Turkish, appear to me no other than human inventions, set up to terrify and enslave mankind, and monopolize power and profit.
Shame may restrain what law does not prohibit.
Men may know many things by seeing; but no prophet can see before the event, nor what end waits for him.
I believe that detente was having almost the opposite effect of what was intended. What was intended was to sort of end the contest for power and to stop Soviet expansion, especially by military means and the military build-up, the military contest.
Only those who have patience to do simple things perfectly ever acquire the skill to do difficult things easily.
Singers, lovers, and poets are privileged liars.
Sex, a great and mysterious motive force in human life, has indisputably been a subject of absorbing interest to mankind through the ages.
The way to succeed is to double your error rate.
Believe that you have it, and you have it.
He who loves 50 people has 50 woes; he who loves no one has no woes.
When a person is down in the world, an ounce of help is better than a pound of preaching.
The key element in tragedy is that heroes and heroines are destroyed by that which appears to be their greatest strength.
Children are our future we must take care of them with maximum effort.  
The distance between us doesnt matter, because in the end, i know well both be happy in each others arms. Forever.
There is no UnDo in real-life.
I thought how unpleasant it is to be locked out; and I thought how it is worse, perhaps, to be locked in.
Ideas have unhinged the gates of empires.
Contradictions do not exist. Whenever you think you are facing a contradiction, check your premises. You will find that one of them is wrong.
The multitude which is not brought to act as a unity, is confusion. That unity which has not its origin in the multitude is tyranny.
It is not enough to aim, you must hit.
We fear violence less than our own feelings. Personal, private, solitary pain is more terrifying than what anyone else can inflict.
It\'s like driving a car at night. You never see further than your headlights, but you can make the whole trip that way.
There is no pleasure worth forgoing just for an extra three years in the geriatric ward.
Always mystify, mislead and surprise the enemy if possible.
Jackie Robinson is a true legend.
If anyone wants to know why three kids in one family made it to the big leagues they just had to know how we helped each other and how much we practiced back then. We did it every minute we could.
Chevy Chase and Bill Murray - we thought those guys were funny. We love Bill Murray, but we didn\'t think they were right for Airplane! because it would step on the joke if there was a known comedian.
Men show no mercy and expect no mercy, when honor calls, or when they fight for their idols or their gods.
Never put too much trust in friends, learn how to use enemies.
When you are doing things for the right reasons, you do not need to play by the rules, because there are no rules for a creator walking the path of love.
Reading, solitude, idleness, a soft and sedentary life, intercourse with women and young people, these are perilous paths for a young man, and these lead him constantly into danger.
He who seeks rest finds boredom. He who seeks work finds rest.
Forgiveness is love in its most noble form.
In women everything is heart, even the head.
If faith in ourselves had been more extensively taught and practiced, I am sure a very large portion of the evils and miseries that we have would have vanished.
In war there is no substitute for victory.
When Alexander of Macedon was 33, he cried salt tears because there were no more worlds to conquer. Eric Bristow is only 27.
It is man that makes truth great, not truth that makes man great.
Move on. Its just a chapter in the past. But dont close the book, just turn the page.
Let us not forget that the greatest composers were also the greatest thieves. They stole from everyone and everywhere.
Sometimes in order to understand the future we got to go back in time
My non-violence bids me dedicate myself to the service of the minorities.
I\'m not trying to stump anybody... it\'s the beauty of the language that I\'m interested in.
Getting married is a lot like getting into a tub of hot water. After you get used to it, it aint so hot.
A few minutes ago every tree was excited, bowing to the roaring storm, waving, swirling, tossing their branches in glorious enthusiasm like worship. But though to the outer ear these trees are now silent, their songs never cease.
Ahh, I Slept On My Neck. The Pain!
The guns and the bombs, the rockets and the warships, are all symbols of human failure.
There are a lot of things going on with my life right now that don\'t just have to do with career. So I have a hard time making decisions about work. That\'s really a luxury problem.
I have come to believe that a great teacher is a great artist and that there are as few as there are any other great artists. Teaching might even be the greatest of the arts since the medium is the human mind and spirit.
Eventually you have to forgive yourself for the mistakes youve made.
Fathers are angels sent from heaven
Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active.
Dont be with someone because its easy. Be with someone because you love them. Even if its difficult..
I left the ending ambiguous, because that is the way life is.
Christianity is the most ridiculous, the most absurd, and bloody religion that has ever infected the world.
A computer makes as many mistakes in one second as three men working for thirty years straight.
I have a neighbor who knows 200 types of wine. ... I only know two types of wine - red and white. But my neighbor only knows two types of countries - industrialized and developing. And I know 200.
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words will make me go in a corner and cry by myself for hours.
Even if a unity of faith is not possible, a unity of love is.
A charming woman is a busy woman.
Very often a change of self is needed more than a change of scene.
Presidents come and go, but the Supreme Court goes on forever.
It is well that war is so terrible, else we should grow too fond of it.
I had to stop driving my car for a while... the tires got dizzy.
Room service? Send up a larger room.
Rest when you\'re weary. Refresh and renew yourself, your body, your mind, your spirit. Then get back to work.
Useful knowledge is a great support for intuition.
To wear your heart on your sleeve isn\'t a very good plan; you should wear it inside, where it functions best.
Loyalty to petrified opinions never yet broke a chain or freed a human soul in this world -- and never will.
Oh, life is a glorious cycle of song, A medley of extemporanea; And love is a thing than can never go wrong; And I am Marie of Roumania.
A part of kindness consists in loving people more than they deserve.
To swear off making mistakes is very easy. All you have to do is to swear off having ideas.
Maturity knows no age.  It is a concept that can only become a reality when one completely reliquishes their childhood tendencies and fully embraces the ideals valued by those already matured.
People are gonna hurt you, but its your decision who gets a second chance.
I\'m flatchested, I\'m short, I\'m brunette, I have droopy eyes, and so people have a hard time casting me as a \'beauty.\'
It is a kind of good deed to say well; and yet words are not deeds.
It\'s the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter.
It is sadder to find the past again and find it inadequate to the present than it is to have it elude you and remain forever a harmonious conception of memory.
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life.
When a woman marries again it is because she detested her first husband. When a man marries again it is because he adored his first wife. Women try their luck; men risk theirs.
The most terrible fight is not when there is one opinion against another, the most terrible is when two men say the same thing -- and fight about the interpretation, and this interpretation involves a difference of quality.
Any human anywhere will blossom in a hundred unexpected talents and capacities simply by being given the opportunity to do so.
I never called my work an \'art\'. It\'s part of show business, the business of building entertainment.
There is a wisdom of the head, and... there is a wisdom of the heart.
You grow up on the day you have your first real laugh at, yourself.
Man\'s love is of man\'s life a part; it is a woman\'s whole existence. In her first passion, a woman loves her lover, in all the others all she loves is love.
He had a broad face and a little round belly, that shook, when he laughed, like a bowlful of jelly.
A coward is incapable of exhibiting love.... it is the prerogative of the brave. Happy Valentines Day
We live as ripples of energy in the vast ocean of energy. 
Life itself is short, but lasts longer than misfortunes.
By the time children realize their parents were right, they have children who think they are wrong.
People who have time on their hands will inevitably waste the time of people who have work to do.
Nothing prevents happiness like the memory of happiness.
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart.
I can never bring you to realize the importance of sleeves, the suggestiveness of thumb-nails, or the great issues that may hang from a boot-lace.
I would advise you to keep your overhead down; avoid a major drug habit; play everyday, and take it in front of other people. They need to hear it, and you need them to hear it.
Slavery is an institution for converting men into monkeys.
Remember this: your body is your slave; it works for you.
Democracy is the art of running the circus from the monkey cage.
The more difficult the victory, the greater the happiness in winning.
When tillage begins, other arts follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of human civilization.
Too often the great decisions are originated and given form in bodies made up wholly of men, or so completely dominated by them that whatever of special value women have to offer is shunted aside without expression.
I was big time into Barbie. I also had Wonder Woman Underoos that I really liked. I actually wore them as an outfit to school. As I said, I was a strange child.
A degree of lying - you know, white lies - seems to be inherent in all languages and all forms of communication.
There is no going to heaven in a sedan.
The shortest and surest way to live with honor in the world, is to be in reality what we would appear to be; all human virtues increase and strengthen themselves by the practice and experience of them.
We are too quick to imitate depraved examples.
Normally, I name my characters after famous comedians.
As soon as you forbid something, you make it extraordinarily appealing. You also bring shame in as a phenomenon.
The Semantic Web is not a separate Web but an extension of the current one, in which information is given well-defined meaning, better enabling computers and people to work in cooperation.
Since others have to tolerate my weaknesses, it is only fair that I should tolerate theirs.
Put your hand in mine, and give it a chance. I will show you down a brighter path, trust me.
Some people drink deeply from the fountain of knowledge. Others just gargle.
Truth is the torch that gleams through the fog without dispelling it.
Knowledge is proud that it knows so much; wisdom is humble that it knows no more.
Enemies are so stimulating.
It is possible to lead astray an entire generation, to strike it blind, to drive it insane, to direct it towards a false goal. Napoleon proved this.
He who exercises wisdom exercises the knowledge which is about God.
Art need no longer be an account of past sensations. It can become the direct organization of more highly evolved sensations. It is a question of producing ourselves, not things that enslave us.
The unconscious democracy of America is a very fine thing. It is a true and deep and instinctive assumption of the equality of citizens, which even voting and elections have not destroyed.
What a cunning mixture of sentiment, pity, tenderness, irony surrounds adolescence, what knowing watchfulness! Young birds on their first flight are hardly so hovered around.
There is not a more mean, stupid, dastardly, pitiless, selfish, spiteful, envious, ungrateful animal than the Public. It is the greatest of cowards, for it is afraid of itself.
...no woman can love a weak man hard enough to make him strong. 
Any young man who is unmarried at the age of twenty one is a menace to the community.
No amount of humanitarian assistance can protect people from being attacked.
Build for your team a feeling of oneness, of dependence on one another and of strength to be derived by unity.
I enjoy the cleaning up - something about the getting of things in order for winter - making the garden secure - a battening down of hatches perhaps... It just feels right.
Regret for time wasted can become a power for good in the time that remains, if we will only stop the waste and the idle, useless regretting.
Nothing more completely baffles one who is full of tricks and duplicity than straight forward and simple integrity in another.
Our job is to bring the dead facts to life.
Be as careful of the books you read, as of the company you keep; for your habits and character will be as much influenced by the former as by the latter.
Wise it is to comprehend the whole.
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.
Scriptwriting is the toughest part of the whole racket... the least understood and the least noticed.
Content makes poor men rich; discontentment makes rich men poor.
Thinking will not overcome fear but action will.
I saw also that there was an ocean of darkness and death, but an infinite ocean of light and love, which flowed over the ocean of darkness.
Research is the process of going up alleys to see if they are blind.
Santa Claus has the right idea. Visit people once a year.
What pursuit is more elegant than that of collecting the ignominies of our nature and transfixing them for show, each on the bright pin of a polished phrase?
No man needs a vacation so much as the man who has just had one.
Life has become the ideology of its own absence.
The way that I live my life is on spontaneity.
Absolutely. I can produce. I can write. I can direct.
My mother is an angel who loves unconditionally. If your mother is an angel click like.
Nothing makes me happier then seeing you smile at me..
Better pointed bullets than pointed speeches.
It is very nearly impossible... to become an educated person in a country so distrustful of the independent mind.
A family is a unit composed not only of children but of men, women, an occasional animal, and the common cold.
Conflict is the beginning of consciousness.
It\'s almost seems as though there\'s a battle going on between the public and all the fast-food establishments, and, believe me, I think it\'s very tasty food.
Any excuse will serve a tyrant.
Endurance is not just the ability to bear a hard thing, but to turn it into glory.
What each must seek in his life never was on land or sea. It is something out of his own unique potentiality for experience, something that never has been and never could have been experienced by anyone else.
Do not tell a friend anything you would conceal from an enemy.
Almost always, the creative dedicated minority has made the world better.
This work made me more and more interested in biological matter, and I decided that I really wanted to work on the X-ray analysis of biological molecules.
I really love sort of classical cinema where people were telling stories with very little dialogue, and people were using the camera in a really interesting way.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
We have the Bill of Rights. What we need is a Bill of Responsibilities.
What we instill in our children will be the foundation upon which they build their future.
I prefer the mystic clouds of nostalgia to the real thing, to be honest.
Traveling, you realize that differences are lost: each city takes to resembling all cities, places exchange their form, order, distances, a shapeless dust cloud invades the continents.
Do you not then hear this horrible scream all around you that people usually call silence.
I was always jealous of something getting more attention.
There is no corner too quiet, or too far away, for a woman to make sorrow in it.
In the war for individual rights, common sense becomes the first and major casualty.
If I were given the opportunity to present a gift to the next generation, it would be the ability for each individual to learn to laugh at himself.
The most painful memory I have is of when I walked away and you let me leave.
The hard part about writing a novel is finishing it.
Then might I exemplify how an influence beyond our control lays its strong hand on every deed which we do and weaves its consequences into an iron tissue of necessity. Wakefield 
The rules of navigation never navigated a ship. The rules of architecture never built a house.
When someone is there for you and understands you, never take them for granted.
There is something bigger than fact: the underlying spirit, all it stands for, the mood, the vastness, the wildness.
Any unarmed people are slaves, or are subject to slavery at any given moment.
Matrimony is the union of meanness and martyrdom.
I believe in communication books communicate ideas and make bridges between people.
You use a glass mirror to see your face you use works of art to see your soul.
its funny how a person can hurt you so much when you were expecting it in the first place
Writing a book is a horrible, exhausting struggle, like a long bout with some painful illness. One would never undertake such a thing if one were not driven on by some demon whom one can neither resist nor understand.
Opposition brings concord. Out of discord comes the fairest harmony.
Etiquette means behaving yourself a little better than is absolutely essential.
In all my novels, I deal with the many problems and prejudices which exist for Black people in Britain today.
I love being one half of a romantic couple.
May be its not always about trying to fix something broken. May be its about starting over and creating something better.
When a nation goes down, or a society perishes, one condition may always be found; they forgot where they came from. They lost sight of what had brought them along.
Run away from greatness and greatness will follow you.
I would like to say how much I resent people who say of the Islamic Republic that this is our culture - as if women like to be stoned to death, or as if they like to be married at the age of nine.
Enemies promises were made to be broken.
The finest words in the world are only vain sounds if you cannot understand them.
The kind of programming that C provides will probably remain similar absolutely or slowly decline in usage, but relatively, JavaScript or its variants, or XML, will continue to become more central.
When a good man lends himself to the advocacy of slavery, he must, at least for a time, feel himself to be any where but at home, amongst his new thoughts, doctrines, and modes of reasoning.
To speak of morals in art is to speak of legislature in sex. Art is the sex of the imagination.
Im jealous of my parents. I will never have a son so cute as they have.
Take away love and our earth is a tomb.
Every absurdity has a champion to defend it; for error is always talkative.
I might not be perfect, but neither are you So, go and check your mistakes before rating mine.
The press is the enemy.
The blood of the martyrs is the seed of the church.
The spirit of democracy is not a mechanical thing to be adjusted by abolition of forms. It requires change of heart.
They can rule the world while they can persuade us our pain belongs in some order is death by famine worse than death by suicide, than a life of famine and suicide...?
He was an embittered atheist (the sort of atheist who does not so much disbelieve in God as personally dislike Him).
He who hesitates is sometimes saved.
People change and forget to tell each other.
I never cease being dumbfounded by the unbelievable things people believe.
Outstanding leaders appeal to the hearts of their followers -- not their minds.
Never has a strong, responsible trade union movement been so needed. With austerity policies biting hard and with no evidence that they are working, people at work need the TUC to speak up for them now more than ever.
The world can be a brutal place - please dont let it steal your smile away
Hawthorne has given us a tradition that some people refer to as Yankee Magic Realism, and I do think there is a certain quality to the landscape that definitely leads into the dark woods.
Philosophical argument has sometimes shaken my reason for the faith that was in me; but my heart has always assured me that the Gospel of Jesus Christ must be reality.
Overnight stardom can be harmful to your mental health. Yeah. It has ruined a lot of people.
It\'s funny how all of this has worked out - I wasn\'t popular in high school, but now every drunken guy in the United States wants to be my pal. They all want to buy me a shot, and pretty soon I\'m throwing up.
Crime is a product of social excess.
Shared joys make a friend, not shared sufferings.
I am vehemently grateful that by whatever means I learnt to assume that loneliness should be in part pleasure sensitizing and clarifying and that it is even a truer bond among people than any kind of proximity. 
My parents were nonmaterialistic. They believed that money without knowledge was worthless that education tempered with religion was the way to climb out of poverty in America and over the years they were proven right. 
The energy produced by the breaking down of the atom is a very poor kind of thing. Anyone who expects a source of power from the transformation of these atoms is talking moonshine.
You need three things to win: discipline, hard work and, before everything maybe, commitment. No one will make it without those three. Sport teaches you that.
The Rebel bullet that can kill me has not yet been molded.
If we were to wake up some morning and find that everyone was the same race, creed and color, we would find some other causes for prejudice by noon.
Do not be very upright in your dealings for you would see by going to the forest that straight trees are cut down while crooked ones are left standing.
Art is either plagiarism or revolution.
Love grows by giving. The love we give away is the only love we keep. The only way to retain love is to give it away.
Alexander Caesar Charlemagne and I have founded empires. But on what did we rest the creations of our genius Upon force. Jesus Christ founded his empire upon love and at this hour millions of men would die for him.  
Sometimes there is no next time, no time outs, no second chances. Sometimes its now or never.
Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.
I slept, and dreamed that life was Beauty; I woke, and found that life was Duty.
Maybe I am not French, maybe I am from nowhere.
All progress is precarious, and the solution of one problem brings us face to face with another problem.
Life at best is bittersweet.
I love you like a fat kid loves cake!
That man is not truly brave who is afraid either to seem or to be, when it suits him, a coward.
And the Marshall Plan, to us, meant a general who had turned into a secretary of state, and that the secretary of state saw the necessity of the reconstruction of these European countries that had suffered so heavily.
When you see a good person think of becoming like herhim. When you see someone not so good reflect on your own weak points. 
Good humor is a tonic for mind and body. It is the best antidote for anxiety and depression. It is a business asset. It attracts and keeps friends. It lightens human burdens. It is the direct route to serenity and contentment.
Peace is the virtue of civilization. War is its crime.
We will either find a way, or make one.
Chaos is a name for any order that produces confusion in our minds.
You cannot fake chic but you can be chic and fake fur 
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
The young do not know enough to be prudent, and therefore they attempt the impossible -- and achieve it, generation after generation.
A good conscience is to the soul what health is to the body; it preserves a constant ease and serenity within us, and more than countervails all the calamities and afflictions that can possibly befall us.
Rejoice with them that rejoice, and weep with them that weep.
Drunkenness is nothing but voluntary madness.
I am accustomed to sleep and in my dreams to imagine the same things that lunatics imagine when awake.
He wrote on a piece of paper with his pencil.  Psychosis: out of touch with reality.  Since then, I have been trying to find out what reality is, so that I can touch it.
Fear has many eyes and can see things underground.
Doctors are just the same as lawyers; the only difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas doctors rob you and kill you too.
Barring that natural expression of villainy which we all have, the man looked honest enough.
When I walked to school in the mornings I would start out alone but would pick up four other boys along the way. We would set out together after school across the village green.
Of great wealth there is no real use, except in its distribution, the rest is just conceit.
I could do John Wayne, Jack Benny, Jack Kennedy, Lyndon Johnson and entertain my friends. But I never seriously considered it as a career choice.
The keener the want the lustier the growth.
I would hurl words into this darkness and wait for an echo, and if an echo sounded, no matter how faintly, I would send other words to tell, to march, to fight, to create a sense of hunger for life that gnaws in us all.
We used to talk for hours on end & now its like we never knew each other.
The grace of God, says Luther, is like a flying summer shower. It has fallen upon more than one land, and passed on. Judea had it, and lies barren and dry. These Asiatic coasts had it, and flung it away.
And thus I take my leave of the world and of you all, and I heartily desire you all to pray for me.
A thousand half-loves must be forsaken to take one whole heart home.
I know myself, but that is all.
To nourish and raise children against odds is in any time, any place, more valuable than to fix bolts in cars or design nuclear weapons.
The prices of all imports would rise if the dollar depreciates.
There is a fine line between serendipity and stalking.
The best way to not feel hopeless is to get up and do something. Dont wait for good things to happen to you. If you go out and make some good things happen you will fill the world with hope you will fill yourself with hope. 
I am in favor of community policing because it builds better working relationships with the communities.
Everything that we are making, we are making more and more complex.
Those who restrain desire do so because theirs is weak enough to be restrained.
Better remain silent, better not even think, if you are not prepared to act.
Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth.
We must think and act like a nation of a billion people and not like that of a million people. Dream, dream, dream!
we are all perfectly imperfect! But its our imperfections that make us individuals!
I am a big believer in visualization. I run through my races mentally so that I feel even more prepared.
The sweltering white-head of the capitalist greed-boil can be seen oozing out brands like Monsanto, McDonalds, Coca-Cola, Starbucks, Pfizer, Walmart and the flag-waving USA mega-brand \"War on Terror.\"
Normality is death.
A long time ago people believed that the world is flat and the moon is made of green cheese. Some still do to this day. The man on the moon is looking down and laughing. 
I arise full of eagerness and energy, knowing well what achievement lies ahead of me.
Science is global. Einstein\'s equation, E=mc2, has to reach everywhere. Science is a beautiful gift to humanity, we should not distort it. Science does not differentiate between multiple races.
Economics, politics, and personalities are often inseparable.
Courage is not the towering oak that sees storms come and go; it is the fragile blossom that opens in the snow.
The best substitute for experience is being sixteen.
The essence of good government is trust.
What most experimenters take for granted before they begin their experiments is infinitely more interesting than any results to which their experiments lead.
He who waits to do a great deal of good at once, will never do anything.
No man is so perfect, so necessary to his friends, as to give them no cause to miss him less.
Never put off tomorrow what you can do today
Poetry is above all a concentration of the power of language, which is the power of our ultimate relationship to everything in the universe.
It is past time for women to take their rightful place, side by side with men, in the rooms where the fates of peoples, where their children\'s and grandchildren\'s fates, are decided.
What use are cartridges in battle? I always carry chocolate instead.
The paradox of education is precisely this, that as one begins to become conscious one begins to examine the society in which he is being educated.
I had the first integrated Army band in World War II.
The truth sometimes hurts so bad that you wish they would have just told you a lie.
If Jesus Christ be God and died for me, then no sacrifice can be too great for me to make for Him.
Of the smells, bread; of the tastes, salt.
I hope that we can continue this cooperation on other critical issues related to America\'s future technological competitiveness. We must work together to encourage the creative talents that have made our country the world leader in technology.
The tragedy of modern war is that the young men die fighting each other - instead of their real enemies back home in the capitals.
Classifying the stars has helped materially in all studies of the structure of the universe.
All art is quite useless.
The only sure thing about luck is that it will change.
The best part of our lives we pass in counting on what is to come.
Plans to protect air and water, wilderness and wildlife are in fact plans to protect man.
My contribution I hope is to get people to eat full-flavored food. If I could come away with that alone, that would be a fantastic accomplishment. I\'m also very proud of being a very American chef.
Genius is initiative on fire.
Having someone you can trust at your side during hard times makes the good times feel even better.
It\'s human nature to gripe, but I\'m going ahead and doing the best I can.
Physical beauty is such a strange thing.
Once a disease has entered the body, all parts which are healthy must fight it: not one alone, but all. Because a disease might mean their common death. Nature knows this; and Nature attacks the disease with whatever help she can muster.
People do not lack strength, they lack will.
Being born is like being kidnapped. And then sold into slavery.
You are my true love because with you all my dreams seem real and possible. Happy Valentines Day
A smile is the universal welcome.
The same ambition can destroy or save,  And makes a patriot as it makes a knave.
Details create the big picture.
Only seven years ago we made a treaty by which we were assured that the buffalo country should be left to us forever. Now they threaten to take that from us also.
Debts and lies are generally mixed together.
Any idiot can face a crisis - it\'s day to day living that wears you out.
If thy brother wrongs thee, remember not so much his wrong-doing, but more than ever that he is thy brother.
I have so much respect for my mom and all the women across the world.
Demi Moore is a terrific woman and a hell of an actress.
Give tax breaks to large corporations, so that money can trickle down to the general public, in the form of extra jobs.
It\'s not that I\'m so smart, it\'s just that I stay with problems longer.
The immature mind hops from one thing to another; the mature mind seeks to follow through.
A majority in all parties do, I think, want to see local government recover its old vigour and independence.
When my journal appears, many statues must come down.
And when is there time to remember, to sift, to weigh, to estimate, to total?
The road had the lonely times, but I kept myself busy.
Just because a person smiles all the time, doesnt mean their life is perfect. That smile is a symbol of hope & strength
An ounce of patience is worth a pound of brains.
Your life will be no better than the plans you make and the action you take. You are the architect and builder of your own life, fortune, destiny.
I am 99.9% sure he doesnt like me. But its the 00.1% that keeps me going.
Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail.
In giving rights to others which belong to them, we give rights to ourselves and to our country.
Lying can never save us from another lie.
A love for tradition has never weakened a nation, indeed it has strengthened nations in their hour of peril.
I\'m really convinced that our descendants a century or two from now will look back at us with the same pity that we have toward the people in the field of science two centuries ago.
But far more numerous was the herd of such, Who think too little, and who talk too much.
I cannot praise a fugitive and cloistered virtue, unexercised and unbreathed, that never sallies out and sees her adversary, but slinks out of the race where that immortal garland is to be run for, not without dust and heat.
Dream the impossible because dreams do come true.
If you love your children, if you love your country, if you love the God of love, clear your hands from slaves, burden not your children or your country with them.
No woman has ever so comforted the distressed or distressed the comfortable. On Eleanor Roosevelt
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow.
The chief beneficiary of life insurance policies for young, single people is the life insurance agent.
Even as kids reach adolescence, they need more than ever for us to watch over them. Adolescence is not about letting go. It\'s about hanging on during a very bumpy ride.
Two aged men, that had been foes for life, Met by a grave, and wept - and in those tears They washed away the memory of their strife; Then wept again the loss of all those years.
I don\'t want someone to believe my lies, I need someone to accept my truths.
Age is strictly a case of mind over matter. If you don\'t mind, it doesn\'t matter.
Have you ever looked back at the past and realized you were such an idiot?
Really great things, when discussed by little men, can usually make such men grow big.
Perseverance quotes, Ageing quotes, Motivational
Cry me a river build a bridge and get over it. 
I started the site when I was 19. I didn\'t know much about business back then.
The worst enemy of life, freedom and the common decencies is total anarchy; their second worst enemy is total efficiency.
No iron can stab the heart with such force as a period put just at the right place.
It takes a lot of energy to get angry. I dont care to use my energy that way.
There was a thing called Heaven; but all the same they used to drink enormous quantities of alcohol.
I am confirmed in my division of human energies. Ambitious people climb, but faithful people build.
Next to being shot at and missed, nothing is quite as satisfying as an income tax refund.
We were not born to sue, but to command.
You must not blame me if I do talk to the clouds.
Stories are a different kind of true. 
Endurance is the crowning quality...
Be of service. Whether you make yourself available to a friend or co-worker, or you make time every month to do volunteer work, there is nothing that harvests more of a feeling of empowerment than being of service to someone in need.
I tell you, hopeless grief is passionless.
The perfect normal person is rare in our civilization.
Find someone worth your tears, worth your laughter, worth your heart and that loves you as much as you love them.
Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you.
Without health life is not life it is only a state of langour and suffering - an image of death.
No matter what happens, the U.S. Navy is not going to be caught napping.
The chief function of the city is to convert power into form, energy into culture, dead matter into the living symbols of art, biological reproduction into social creativity.
Nothing can atone for the lack of modesty without which beauty is ungraceful and wit detestable.
I would walk a million miles, for one of your smiles.
Too much sanity may be madness and the maddest of all, to see life as it is and not as it should be.
The contradictions are what make human behavior so maddening and yet so fascinating, all at the same time.
In the course of history, men come to see that iron necessity is neither iron nor necessary.
One drink is too many for me and a thousand not enough.
True feeling justifies whatever it may cost.
There are no great things, only small things with great love. Happy are those.
Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral? It is because we are not the person involved.
It is the nature, and the advantage, of strong people that they can bring out the crucial questions and form a clear opinion about them. The weak always have to decide between alternatives that are not their own.
There is in most passions a shrinking away from ourselves. The passionate pursuer has all the earmarks of a fugitive.
Sympathetic cracks. A term frequently used by architects and surveyors in terms of ageing houses. I know what they mean.
It\'s like the riddle of the Sphinx... why are there so many great unmarried women, and no great unmarried men?
If one does not understand a person, one tends to regard him as a fool.
Of all the noises known to man, opera is the most expensive.
Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway.
He stood at the window of the empty cafe and watched the activites in the square and he said that it was good that God kept the truths of life from the young as they were starting out or else theyd have no heart to start at all. 
The theme is the theme of humiliation, which is the square root of sin, as opposed to the freedom from humiliation, and love, which is the square root of wonderful.
I submit that an individual who breaks the law that conscience tells him is unjust and willingly accepts the penalty by staying in jail to arouse the conscience of the community over its injustice, is in reality expressing the very highest respect for law.
Confidence comes from discipline and training.
Imagine a puddle waking up and saying This is an interesting hole I find myself in. Fits me rather neatly doesnt it In fact it fits me staggeringly well must have been made to have me in it 
Little by little does the trick.
Just vengeance does not call for punishment.
Reason is the enemy of faith.
Winter in Maine is a time of alternating rest and frenzied activity.
A man who lives right, and is right, has more power in his silence than another has by his words.
Admiration is the daughter of ignorance.
Build a dream and the dream will build you.
He who does not mind his belly, will hardly mind anything else.
Polygamy is an endeavor to get more out of life than there is in it.
Education is the investment our generation makes in the future.
Theres always that person whom you wish their status was about you.
Everything secret degenerates, even the administration of justice; nothing is safe that does not show how it can bear discussion and publicity.
If all you have to offer is a look that is supposed to be appealing, the you are going to be paid attention to about a tenth as long as you would be if when you speak you are interesting.
Every absurdity has a champion to defend it.
In many ways, history is marked as \'before\' and \'after\' Rosa Parks. She sat down in order that we all might stand up, and the walls of segregation came down.
That law may be set down as good which is certain in meaning, just in precept, convenient in execution, agreeable to the form of government, and productive of virtue in those that live under it.
Man is condemned to be free; because once thrown into the world, he is responsible for everything he does.
Thomas edison\'s last words were “it\'s beautiful over there” i don\'t know where there is but i believe it\'s somewhere and i hope it\'s beautiful.
I always felt that my greatest asset was not my physical ability, it was my mental ability.
Management by objective works - if you know the objectives. Ninety percent of the time you don\'t.
I wish to sing of my interior visions with the naive candour of a child.
Dont put the key to your happiness in someone elses pocket.
Most artists like to think of themselves as rugged individualists, as independent characters.
No one ever discovers the depths of his own loneliness.
Science is all metaphor.
African art is functional, it serves a purpose. It\'s not a dormant. It\'s not a means to collect the largest cheering section. It should be healing, a source a joy. Spreading positive vibrations.
The enemy of society is middle class and the enemy of life is middle age.
Women\'s Lib? Oh, I\'m afraid it doesn\'t interest me one bit. I\'ve been so liberated it hurts.
A mistake at least proves that somebody stopped talking long enough to DO something.
Your hearts know in silence the secrets of the days and the nights.
You Must Be From Pearl Harbor, Because Baby, Youre The Bomb.
We can\'t destroy the inequities between men and women until we destroy marriage.
shy shy          shy  shy. 
Nothing to lose everything to gain.
Every moment you live in the past is a moment you waste in the present.
We have two ears and one tongue so that we would listen more and talk less.
By the year 2000 we will, I hope, raise our children to believe in human potential, not God.
Liberty is the only thing you cannot have unless you are willing to give it to others.
Judicial review has been a part of our democracy in this constitutional government for over 200 years.
I learned the value of hard work by working hard.
The past is but the beginning of a beginning, and all that is and has been is but the twilight of the dawn.
Science is the international language, so when we are able to convince countries that good decision-making for human health and animal health is based upon science, that\'s a real success story for us.
Choose well. Your choice is brief and yet endless. 
If you want to win anything - a race, yourself, your life - you have to go a little berserk.
The greatness of a man\'s power is the measure of his surrender.
To err is human to purr feline.
The quickest way of ending a war is to lose it.
To be clever enough to get all the money, one must be stupid enough to want it.
Saw a Chinese kid and a black kid wave to each other today. It gave me hope...for another Rush Hour movie...
We feel and know that we are eternal.
Education is the process of turning cocksure ignorance into thoughtful uncertainty. 
Jealousy is love bed of burning snarl.
There is no logical way to the discovery of these elemental laws. There is only the way of intuition, which is helped by a feeling for the order lying behind the appearance.
One cannot really argue with a mathematical theorem.
We idolized the Beatles, except for those of us who idolized the Rolling Stones, who in those days still had many of their original teeth.
Petty laws breed great crimes.
God is stronger than their strength, more loving than their uttermost love, and in so far as they have loved and sacrificed themselves for others, they have obtained the infallible proof, that God too lives and loves and gives Himself away.
What kills a skunk is the publicity it gives itself.
In nature there are neither rewards nor punishments; there are consequences.
Her old Grannie and subject must be the first to kiss her hand.
A slave has but one master; an ambitious man has as many masters as there are people who may be useful in bettering his position.
Optimism and humor are the grease and glue of life. Without both of them we would never have survived our captivity.
I had the privilege of practicing medicine in the early \'60s, before we had any government. It worked rather well, and there was nobody on the street suffering with no medical care.
You already possess everything necessary to become great.
The bad-boy label is just an assumption.
Architecture is the alphabet of giants; it is the largest set of symbols ever made to meet the eyes of men. A tower stands up like a sort of simplified stature, of much more than heroic size.
There is no such thing as pure pleasure; some anxiety always goes with it.
Puisi bisa menjadi semacam magnet yang melekatkan kita pada seseorang, bahkan bila kita membencinya. Puisi yang kita tak tulis tak akan perah mati, bahkan bila kita mati.
Generosity is the flower of justice.
Politics is almost as exciting as war, and quite as dangerous. In war you can only be killed once, but in politics many times.
QUIET! I cant hear you & all the voices in my head at the same time!
There is no fate that cannot be surmounted by scorn.
Another flaw in the human character is that everybody wants to build and nobody wants to do maintenance.
Doubts are the ants in the pants of faith. They keep it awake and moving.
She\'s standing on a line between giving up &amp; seeing how much more she can take.
The physical extinction of the human race is one possibility.
My early and invincible love of reading I would not exchange for all the riches of India.
It is easy enough to be pleasant, when life flows by like a song. But the man worthwhile is one who will smile, when everything goes dead wrong.
Faith moves mountains, but you have to keep pushing while you are praying.
Profit is a by-product of work; happiness is its chief product.
Never regret anything because at one point its exactly what you wanted.
Show me another pleasure like dinner which comes every day and lasts an hour.
The masses are in reality their own leaders, dialectically creating their own development process.
It is not in the nature of politics that the best men should be elected. The best men do not want to govern their fellowmen.
Treat with utmost respect your power of forming opinions, for this power alone guards you against making assumptions that are contrary to nature and judgments that overthrow the rule of reason.
The essence of government is control, or the attempt to control.
Men are admitted into heaven not because they have curbed or governed their passions, but because they have cultivate their understandings.
I do not expect the white media to create positive black male images.
Both read the Bible day and night, but thou read black where I read white.
Even by common wisdom, there seem to be both people and objects in my dream that are outside myself, but clearly they were created in myself and are part of me, they are mental constructs in my own brain.
A toothache, or a violent passion, is not necessarily diminished by our knowledge of its causes, its character, its importance or insignificance.
To an engineer, good enough means perfect. With an artist, there\'s no such thing as perfect.
If you wish to avoid seeing a fool you must first break your looking glass.
Beauty for some provides escape, who gain a happiness in eyeing the gorgeous buttocks of the ape or Autumn sunsets exquisitely dying.
Give me the liberty to know, to utter, and to argue freely according to conscience, above all liberties.
The world breaks everyone and afterward many are stronger at the broken places.
I have dreamed in my life, dreams that have stayed with me ever after, and changed my ideas; they have gone through and through me, like wine through water, and altered the color of my mind.
At sunrise everything is luminous but not clear. It is those we live with and love and should know who elude us. You can love completely without complete understanding.
Heartthrobs are a dime a dozen.
Numerous politicians have seized absolute power and muzzled the press. Never in history has the press seized absolute power and muzzled the politicians.
The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you can see.
I come from a family of losers, and I\'ve rejected my family as something I don\'t want to be like.
Stay an hour in my heart a minute in my mind or a second in my soul. Then you will know how it feels when I miss you.
Rhetoric does not get you anywhere, because Hitler and Mussolini are just as good at rhetoric. But if you can bring these people down with comedy, they stand no chance.
The work of the individual still remains the spark that moves mankind ahead even more than teamwork.
Adversity makes men wise but not rich.
Self-respect is the root of discipline; the sense of dignity grows with the ability to say no to oneself.
Though age from folly could not give me freedom, It does from childishness.
The more ignorant, reckless and thoughtless a doctor is, the higher his reputation soars even amongst powerful princes.
To that movement, consecrated by religious principle, sustained by an awful sense of justice, and cheered by the brightest hopes of future good, all our powers, talents, and attainments are devoted.
In politics, an organized minority is a political majority.
Power is no blessing in itself, except when it is used to protect the innocent.
All professions are conspiracies against the laity.
To awake from death is to die in peace.
I guess because I had such a horrible life growing up, going from place to place not knowing what I was gonna do and ending up being homeless, there was a lot of pain and a lot of anger that was coming out through my guitar playing.
Oh, God! that bread should be so dear! And flesh and blood so cheap!
Science is his forte, and omniscience his foible.
The highest ecstasy is the attention at its fullest.
I am glad that I paid so little attention to good advice; had I abided by it I might have been saved from some of my most valuable mistakes.
We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us.
I read because it takes me away, away to a place where anything is possible
Be nice to nerds. You may end up working for them. We all could.
Growing old is no more than a bad habit which a busy man has no time to form.
The computer is a moron.
Protesting is never a disturbance of the peace. Corruption, injustice, war and intimidation are disturbances of the peace.
Food is an important part of a balanced diet.
We should never denigrate any other culture but rather help people to understand the relationship between their own culture and the dominant culture. When you understand another culture or language, it does not mean that you have to lose your own culture.
We are nauseated by the sight of trivial personalities decomposing in the eternity of print.
Man should not try to avoid stress any more than he would shun food, love or exercise.
Even the gods love jokes.
Still, most of those effects occur in the context of harmless play and it is patently obvious that children are not normally turned into aggressive little monsters by TV or video games, since most children do not become aggressive little monsters.
Principally I hate and detest that animal called man; although I heartily love John, Peter, Thomas, and so forth.
Men\'s vows are women\'s traitors!
Trust not yourself, but your defects to know, make use of every friend and every foe.
Me, I\'ve concentrated on music pretty much to the exclusion of other things.
They are superpower of villains. They are superpower of Al Capone.
Liberty, freedom and democracy are very fuzzy words, but human rights is very specific.
We acknowledge but one motive - to follow the truth as we know it, whithersoever it may lead us; but in our heart of hearts we are well assured that the truth which has made us free, will in the end make us glad also.
People say I am ruthless. I am not ruthless. And if I find the man who is calling me ruthless, I shall destroy him.
Never give up. When your heart becomes tired, just walk with your legs - but move on.
At 20, 25, 30, we begin to realise that the possibilities of escape are getting fewer. We have jobs, children, partners, debts. This is the part of us to which literary fiction speaks.
Our knowledge can only be finite, while our ignorance must necessarily be infinite.
It is difficult to free fools from the chains they revere.
God loves to help him who strives to help himself.
Gentility is what is left over from rich ancestors after the money is gone.
A talent for drama is not a talent for writing, but is an ability to articulate human relationships.
We take the hamburger business more seriously than anyone else.
I think the Iranians are clearly determined to have a nuclear program. And we have to assume that with a nuclear program they have the capability and the will to create a nuclear weapon.
Our thoughts create our reality – where we put our focus is the direction we tend to go.
The bold defiance of a woman is the certain sign of her shame, - when she has once ceased to blush, it is because she has too much to blush for.
Some people are so busy learning the tricks of the trade that they never learn the trade.
Try to find your deepest issue in every confusion, and abide by that.
You could argue that war is always an irrational act, and yet many states enter into military conflict out of rational calculation or national interest or the stability or longevity of their regime.
A hungry dog hunts best. A hungrier dog hunts even better.
I have English family in Northhampton and have been to England numerous times.
So film music is something I absolutely wanna get involved in.
...in the business of writing what one accumulates is not expertise but uncertainties. Which is but another name for craft.
To a well deserving person God will show favor. To an ill deserving person He will simply be just.
Yes, I have this crazy honk of a laugh.
Think wrongly, if you please, but in all cases think for yourself.
Under normal conditions the research scientist is not an innovator but a solver of puzzles, and the puzzles upon which he concentrates are just those which he believes can be both stated and solved within the existing scientific tradition.
Positive thinking is not about EXPECTING the BEST to happen. Its about ACCEPTING that whatever happens its for the BEST.
I have the background singers of Ray Charles, the background singers of Smokey Robinson, and the background singers of Barry White and I built a choir around that.
We prefer self-government with danger to servitude in tranquility.
Every person above the ordinary has a certain mission that they are called to fulfill.
Fans will praise you, scold you, and offer helpful advice. Fans will also defend you.
Fortune is like the market, where, many times, if you can stay a little, the price will fall.
Thus, in a sense, mathematics has been most advanced by those who distinguished themselves by intuition rather than by rigorous proofs.
They were willing to do anything to stop me.
A person reveals his character by nothing so clearly as the joke he resents.
The Image is more than an idea. It is a vortex or cluster of fused ideas and is endowed with energy.
The pay is good and I can walk to work.
Genius is eternal patience.
The weakest and most timorous are the most revengeful and implacable.
When two people are meant for each other, no time is too long, no distance is too far, and no one can ever tear them apart.
A sublime faith in human imbecility has seldom led those who cherish it astray.
A human being must have occupation, of he or she is not to become a nuisance to the world.
The axe forgets what the tree remembers.
Nothing is so contagious as enthusiasm.
Dont try to fix something that isnt broken.
The method of political science is the interpretation of life; its instrument is insight, a nice understanding of subtle, unformulated conditions.
Yearn to understand first and to be understood second.
A dog will make eye contact. A cat will, too, but a cat
You can fall as fast as you rise.
All meanings, we know, depend on the key of interpretation.
It is my fate and perhaps my temperament to sign agreements with fools.
It is better to go skiing and think of God, than go to church and think of sport.
Sensual love deceives one as to the nature of heavenly love; it could not do so alone, but since it unconsciously has the element of heavenly love within it, it can do so.
Allowing children to show their guilt, show their grief, show their anger, takes the sting out of the situation.
Its not official until its on facebook.
No man is the wiser for his learning; it may administer matter to work in, or objects to work upon; but wit and wisdom are born with a man.
It always seems impossible until it is done
Now a soft kiss - Aye, by that kiss, I vow an endless bliss.
I confess, I do not believe in time.
Why has government been instituted at all? Because the passions of men will not conform to the dictates of reason and justice, without constraint.
Valor lies just halfway between rashness and cowardice.
If the Negroes are to remain forever removed from the producing atmosphere, and the present discrimination continues, there will be nothing left for them to do.
Two dangers constantly threaten the world: order and disorder.
Our opinions become fixed at the point where we stop thinking.
The arc of the moral universe is long but it bends toward justice.
The only remedy against hunger is reasonable birth control.
Full of wisdom are the ordinations of fate.
If aught must be lost twill be my honor for yours. If one must be forsaken twill be my soul for yours. Should death come anon twill be my life for yours. I am Given. 
When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading.
Endurance is one of the most difficult disciplines, but it is to the one who endures that the final victory comes.
Common sense is the genius of humanity.
I\'m really interested in modern history, but to fulfill a History degree at Brown you have to do modern and pre-modern.
Thought is an errand boy, fear a mine of worries.
Let others praise ancient times; I am glad I was born in these.
His purity was too great, his aspiration too high for this poor, miserable world! His great soul is now only enjoying that for which it was worthy!
The pleasure that is in sorrow is sweeter than the pleasure of pleasure itself.
Youth is happy because it has the ability to see beauty. Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.
Union gives strength.
The only differences one can and should allow in socialism are between hard working people and idlers and between honest people and dishonest people.
If you keep going over the past, youre going to end up with a thousand pasts and no future
Its not my fault that I fell for you, you tripped me!
I hope in time N. H. as well as the other States will feel the importance of Sovereignty.
For my birthday I got a humidifier and a de-humidifier... I put them in the same room and let them fight it out.
It is much better to promise nothing and try and give everything... than promise everything and give nothing at all.
Life is like a maze. You dont know which path leads where. Sometimes you take the wrong path and have to turn back and start again.
The blood of Jesus Christ can cover a multitude of sins, it seems to me.
My attitude is always one of sensuality, aggressive enthusiasm and a kind of outrageousness in my expression.
The details are the very source of expression in architecture. But we are caught in a vice between art and the bottom line.
The right man, in the right place, at the right time, can steal millions.
I don\'t really listen to music.
I care not for a mans religion whose dog and cat are not the better for it. 
People change. Friends become enemies. Things go wrong, but life goes on.
The tragedy of life is not so much what men suffer, but rather what they miss.
And one by one the nights between our separated cities are joined to the night that unites us.
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
Old maids sweeten their tea with scandal.
I like boring things.
Relationship is like driving a car, a break may be necessary sometimes.
Macroeconomic policy can never be devoid of politics: it involves fundamental trade-offs and affects different groups differently.
I go without sleep, I just go hard.
The secret of reaping the greatest fruitfulness and the greatest enjoyment from life is to live dangerously.
Heavens not a place that you go when you die its that moment in life when you actually feel alive.
My ideas usually come not at my desk writing but in the midst of living.
If I have made an appointment with you, I owe you punctuality, I have no right to throw away your time, if I do my own.
States are as the men, they grow out of human characters.
I have never been afraid to stand up to the leadership on issues where we disagree. If you chose to keep Cambridge Labour, then I can continue to press the Government for the things that matter to you, in a way that members of the opposition are unable to.
It is foolish to pretend that one is fully recovered from a disappointed passion. Such wounds always leave a scar.
Nothing will happen if you just sit around.
The Constitution is not a panacea for every blot upon the public welfare. Nor should this Court, ordained as a judicial body, be thought of as a general haven for reform movements.
Friendship is mutual blackmail elevated to the level of love.
Don\'t brood. Get on with living and loving. You don\'t have forever.
The darkness always lies. 
The Commonwealth of Kentucky has a judicial system, and this system needs a lot of repair. Therefore, there is no need for Kentucky to start building another judicial system within the system, that we already have.
Take calculated risks. This is quite different from being rash.
It\'s not the voting that\'s democracy; it\'s the counting.
Music begins to atrophy when it departs too far from the dance... poetry begins to atrophy when it gets too far from music.
The art of economics consists in looking not merely at the immediate but at the longer effects of any act or policy it consists in tracing the consequences of that policy not merely for one group but for all groups.
I would rather make my name than inherit it.
He was the sort of person who stood on mountaintops during thunderstorms in wet copper armour shouting All the Gods are bastards.
Even Noah got no salary for the first six months-partly on account of the weather and partly because he was learning navigation.
Political ideology can corrupt the mind, and science.
Marriage commissioners who choose not to marry homosexuals are being fired. A Knights of Columbus chapter in British Columbia is in court because it chooses not allow a lesbian group to use its facility for marriage ceremonies. The list goes on.
Some circumstantial evidence is very strong, as when you find a trout in the milk.
My life has been one great big joke, a dance that\'s walked a song that\'s spoke, I laugh so hard I almost choke when I think about myself.
Almost never killed a fly.
I can live without any friends, any family and any money but I cant live without you.
We will persevere, come life or death.
Revolutions are always verbose.
War and preparations for war have acquired a kind of legitimacy.
As I visited the various neighborhoods in the campaign, I learned fast that it\'s a mistake to think that all of the wisdom and possible solutions to our problems are available only in this building.
I am neither an optimist nor pessimist, but a possibilist.
A lot of times, we censor ourselves before the censor even gets there.
Understanding is a two-way street.
Cows are amongst the gentlest of breathing creatures; none show more passionate tenderness to their young when deprived of them; and, in short, I am not ashamed to profess a deep love for these quiet creatures.
A bad cause will never be supported by bad means and bad men.
We know the truth, not only by the reason, but also by the heart.
Many roads lead to the path, but basically there are only two: reason and practice.
Satan is neither omnipotent nor free to do everything he pleases. Prince of the world he may be, but the Prince of Peace has come and dealt him a death blow.
If the reporter has killed our imagination with his truth, he threatens our life with his lies.
Men are not influenced by things, but by their thoughts about things.
I would change the way humans interpreted the word vampire forever. 
To insure good health: Eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life.
Waiting until your parents are in good mood before asking them for something you want.
A heart in love with beauty never grows old. Happy Valentines Day
I have learned that there is more power in a good strong hug than in a thousand meaningful words.
The crown of literature is poetry.
I will make action movies, I think, for a few more years, another five years.
Imagination is but another name for super intelligence.
Diplomacy is the art of letting someone else have your way.
A surgeon tries his experiments on the heads of orphans.
Some folks are wise and some are otherwise.
No race can prosper until it learns that there is as much dignity in tilling a field as in writing a poem.
So for a good old-gentlemanly vice, I think I must take up with avarice.
If two past lovers remain friends.....they are either still in love or they never were. Happy Valentines Day
Anger, if not restrained, is frequently more hurtful to us than the injury that provokes it.
Now there is a new group every week; it seems like everybody and anybody can get into the charts.
Nothing in biology makes sense except in the light of evolution.
Anyone who goes to a psychiatrist should have his head examined.
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking.
Adversity is, to me at least, a tonic and a bracer.
If you had five minutes left to live; what would you do? The first thing that just came to your mind, go do it.
Guests, like fish, begin to smell after three days.
The miser is as much in want of what he has as of what he has not.
What is it about actors? God knows I get bored with actors talking about themselves.
We are living in a world today where lemonade is made from artificial flavors and furniture polish is made from real lemons.
It is vitally important for me, both personally and for my writing, to be able to return to China freely, so being barred entry has caused me deep concern and distress.
Maturity is when your world opens up and you realize that you are not the center of it. 
All things are subjective, a persons circumstances has nothing to do with current or past events, but rather their perception of those events, and the attitude and manner in which they choose to approach it
All free governments are managed by the combined wisdom and folly of the people.
Winning is not everything, but the effort to win is.
Over all our happy country - over all our Nation spread, Is a band of noble heroes - is our Army of the Dead.
When you undervalue what you do, the world will undervalue who you are.
What is Art? It is the response of man\'s creative soul to the call of the Real.
Everyone has their own New York in the heart place where there is hope for everybody. 
Worldly fame is but a breath of wind that blows now this way, and now that, and changes name as it changes direction.
In the master there is a servant, in the servant a master.
Better beans and bacon in peace than cakes and ale in fear. 
Most people sell their souls, and live with a good conscience on the proceeds.
A lucky man is rarer than a white crow.
Ethics change with technology. 
In battle it is the cowards who run the most risk; bravery is a rampart of defense.
Mother you can still hold hold on but forgive forgive and give for long as long as we both shall live I forgive you Mother. 
Mankind are governed more by their feelings than by reason.
Advertising is the modern substitute for argument; its function is to make the worse appear the better.
Normality highly values its normal man. It educates children to lose themselves and to become absurd, and thus to be normal. Normal men have killed perhaps 100, 000 of their fellow normal men in the last fifty years.
Let the tent be struck.
HOBBES:  Virtue needs some cheaper thrills.
Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him.
A lot of people quit looking for work as soon as they find a job.
Some people never find it, some only pretend, but I just want to live happily ever after every now and then.
I never intended to become a run-of-the-mill person.
To free a person from error is to give, and not to take away.
In art the best is good enough.
Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one.
I was in the band as a boy and was taught music and learned to compose.
The essence of Richard Nixon is loneliness.
If the desire to kill and the opportunity to kill came always together, who would escape hanging?
Wrestling was like stand-up comedy for me. Every night I had a live audience of 25,000 people to win over. My goal was never to be the loudest or the craziest. It was to be the most entertaining.
Whoever cares to learn will always find a teacher.
Injections are the best thing ever invented for feeding doctors.
He who sings, frightens away all his ills.
Literature, the most seductive, the most deceiving, the most dangerous of professions.
There is a gigantic difference between earning a great deal of money and being rich.
You can be with one of the most beautiful women in the world and still be unhappy.
People under the influence of cults is similar to that we observe in addicts. Typical behaviour for both includes draining bank accounts, neglecting children, destroying relations with family and losing interest in anything except the drug or cult.
Why fear death? It is the most beautiful adventure in life.
We have to stop and be humble enough to understand that there is something called mystery.
The sacrifices made by veterans and their willingness to fight in defense of our nation merit our deep respect and praise - and to the best in benefits and medical care.
Inherently participatory in nature, Community Video focusing on using video to enable communities to communicate amongst themselves as well as with others.
The wise weigh their words on a scale with gold.
The quest for certainty blocks the search for meaning. Uncertainty is the very condition to impel man to unfold his powers.
One\'s happiness depends less on what he knows than on what he feels.
There could be no honor in a sure success, but much might be wrested from a sure defeat.
The destiny of man is in his own soul
Our life is made by the death of others.
For each individual, sport is a possible source for inner improvement.
Never take a wife till thou hast a house (and a fire) to put her in.
When I dream, I am ageless.
When exercising, be sure to focus your attention on what you are doing.
For David Parker and Daniel Parker, with the respect and admiration of their father, who grew up with them.
Whatever makes men good Christians, makes them good citizens.
Those who give hoping to be rewarded with honor are not giving, they are bargaining.
Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny.
Cambridge was the place for someone from the Colonies or the Dominions to go on to, and it was to the Cavendish Laboratory that one went to do physics.
Duty is the great business of a sea officer; all private considerations must give way to it, however painful it may be.
The archenemy is the arch stupid!
Forgiveness is The ultimate sacrifice. Eloquence belongs, To the conqueror.
As authors, all our words matter! Even the ones we scrape off the editing room floor, as they were part of something huge
The ego is as little absolutely permanent as are bodies.
We usually do not expect the unexpected. So try to remember to give your loved ones ad extra tight squeeze hug and tell them that you love them.
The two elements the traveler first captures in the big city are extra human architecture and furious rhythm. Geometry and anguish.
To be ill adjusted to a deranged world is not a breakdown. 
There seems to be a great misunderstanding on the part of a great many people to the effect that when you cease to believe you may cease to behave.
Every moment is a crossroad in time. Consider that as above so below and as inside so outside and live accordingly. 
Students today are a pretty solemn lot. One of the really notable achievements of the twentieth century has been to make the young old before their time.
Worry is a useless mulling over of things we cannot change.
Life is a gamble. You can get hurt, but people die in plane crashes, lose their arms and legs in car accidents; people die every day. Same with fighters: some die, some get hurt, some go on. You just don\'t let yourself believe it will happen to you.
Not to go back is somewhat to advance, and men must walk, at least, before they dance.
If you make a decision to fight for future of your own country you have to consider all the consequences.
We can always find something to be thankful for, and there may be reasons why we ought to be thankful for even those dispensations which appear dark and frowning.
Too low they build who build below the skies.
My mission in life is to try and get to a point where my insides world is not affected by the outside world.
When any real progress is made, we unlearn and learn anew what we thought we knew before.
The boldness of asking deep questions may require unforeseen flexibility if we are to accept the answers.
There is a lot of hype and fear about this much-talked-about prospect of designer babies.
Education is a wonderful thing. If you couldn\'t sign your name you\'d have to pay cash.
The telephone is a good way to talk to people without having to offer them a drink.
This is a pivotal time for urban regeneration. We must take a long term view.
All reactionaries are paper tigers.
The world is not imperfect or slowly evolving along a path to perfection. No, it is perfect at every moment, every sin already carries grace in it.
Learn to pause... or nothing worthwhile will catch up to you.
Is it not evident that the Canadas, as well as the other colonies, have been left in a great measure to grope their way as they could through the darkness which surrounds them, almost totally unaided by the parent state?
The first farmer was the first man. All historic nobility rests on the possession and use of land.
Life\'s but a walking shadow, a poor player, that struts and frets his hour upon the stage, and then is heard no more; it is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
You place [my work] in an art museum, it becomes a sculpture; you place it in a science museum, it becomes a three-dimensional visualization of data; you place it in a music hall, it all of a sudden becomes a musical score.
There is no cure for birth and death save to enjoy the interval.
True faith is never found alone;it is always accompanied by expectation.The man who believes the promises of God expects to see them fulfilled. Where there is no expectation, there is no faith...
They gave each other a smile with a future in it.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
A good speaker is a good listener who hears what lesser speakers fail to.
No one is so old as to think he cannot live one more year.
Fear of something is at the root of hate for others, and hate within will eventually destroy the hater.
Old age has a great sense of calm and freedom. When the passions have relaxed their hold and have escaped, not from one master, but from many.
Sometimes the best moments happens when they are unplanned.
I think good art does come from a dark place.
Men are able to trust one another, knowing the exact degree of dishonesty they are entitled to expect.
I remain just one thing, and one thing only -- and that is a clown. It places me on a far higher plane than any politician.
Heaven knows we need never be ashamed of our tears, for they are rain upon the blinding dust of earth, overlying our hard hearts.
For every five well-adjusted and smoothly functioning Americans, there are two who never had the chance to discover themselves. It may well be because they have never been alone with themselves.
The Seventh Day Adventist Church believes that it was specially chosen by God to prepare the world for the Second Coming of His Son Jesus.
There is nothing we can do about the lynching now, as we are out-numbered and without arms.
Home is home, as the Devil said when he found himself in the Court of Session.
Who says I am not under the special protection of God?
Nature is regulating our climate for free. Mother Nature, she\'s been doing that for free, for a long, long time. Now do you really want to get in there and do geo-engineering and all this kind of stuff?
Women with money and women in power are two uncomfortable ideas in our society.
This world of ours... must avoid becoming a community of dreadful fear and hate, and be, instead, a proud confederation of mutual trust and respect.
Research promoted by NARA within a major coalition of Federal and private sector research partners has at last demonstrated that an Electronic Records Archives can be built.
I have walked around the same streets so many times, and then seen a place that had been hidden to me. I now know the sites in a way that makes me think I could have made better use of the connections between place and snowball.
You can know the name of a bird in all the languages of the world but when youre finished youll know absolutely nothing whatever about the bird... So lets look at the bird and see what its doing  thats what counts. 
Observe due measure, for right timing is in all things the most important factor.
In the middle ages people were tourists because of their religion, whereas now they are tourists because tourism is their religion.
To separate children from others of similar age and qualifications solely because of their race generates a feeling of inferiority as to their status in the community that may affect their hearts and minds in a way unlikely ever to be undone.
Men fear death, as if unquestionably the greatest evil, and yet no man knows that it may not be the greatest good.
Despair is the damp of hell, as joy is the serenity of heaven.
Voters don\'t decide issues, they decide who will decide issues.
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.
You can live to be a hundred if you give up all the things that make you want to live to be a hundred.
No one can give you better advice than yourself.
War is not the continuation of politics with different means, it is the greatest mass-crime perpetrated on the community of man.
Be realistic, demand the impossible.
Dealing with complexity is an inefficient and unnecessary waste of time, attention and mental energy. There is never any justification for things being complex when they could be simple.
A person shows himself for an instant as in a photograph but clearer and in the background something which is bigger than his shadow.
There is no hope unmingled with fear, and no fear unmingled with hope.
Speeches that are measured by the hour will die with the hour.
We work in the dark - we do what we can - we give what we have. Our doubt is our passion and our passion is our task. The rest is the madness of art.
I am a being of Heaven and Earth, of thunder and lightning, of rain and wind, of the galaxies.
The first condition of progress is the removal of censorship.
You cannot fight against the future. Time is on our side.
One thought fills immensity.
Every word or concept, clear as it may seem to be, has only a limited range of applicability.
Your philosophy determines whether you will go for the disciplines or continue the errors.
The passion of self-aggrandizement is persistent but plastic; it will never disappear from a vigorous mind, but may become morally higher by attaching itself to a larger conception of what constitutes the self.
The cause of America is in great measure the cause of all mankind.
Bounty always receives part of its value from the manner in which it is bestowed.
James Joyce is right about history being a nightmare-- but it may be that nightmare from which no one can awaken. People are trapped in history and history in trapped in them.
It is as impossible to translate poetry as it is to translate music.
I remember all those crazy things you said, you left them running through my head. You are always there, you are everywhere. But right now I wish you were here.
Nobody roots for Goliath.
I now want to be playing parts more interesting to me and more exciting to me.
The whole of science is nothing more than a refinement of everyday thinking.
I concentrate on the southern African subcontinent.
My father-in-law gets up at 5 o\'clock in the morning and watches the Discovery Channel. I don\'t know why there\'s this big rush to do this.
If you want to discover your true opinion of anybody, observe the impression made on you by the first sight of a letter from him.
Really, life is complicated enough without having a bunch of Senators deciding what we should do in the privacy of our own homes.
Every age has its problem, by solving which, humanity is helped forward.
Food safety involves everybody in the food chain.
Men are only as loyal as their options.
Is someone different at age 18 or 60? I believe one stays the same.
Your talent is your art. It is not to be taken for granted.
Tyranny or slavery, born of selfishness, are the two educational methods of parents; all gradations of tyranny or slavery.
As one digs deeper into the national character of the Americans, one sees that they have sought the value of everything in this world only in the answer to this single question: how much money will it bring in?
Bloody men are like bloody buses - you wait for about a year and as soon as one approaches your stop two or three others appear.
Pleasure is none, if not diversified.
You take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame.
It isn\'t tying himself to one woman that a man dreads when he thinks of marrying; it\'s separating himself from all the others.
The growth of wisdom may be gauged accurately by the decline of ill temper.
As he was valiant, I honour him. But as he was ambitious, I slew him.
United we stand, divided we fall.
Without peace, all other dreams vanish and are reduced to ashes.
By adopting the control strategy, the nation\'s environmental program has created a built-in antagonism between environmental quality and economic growth.
To see him act is like reading Shakespeare by flashes of lightning.
Derive happiness in oneself from a good day\'s work, from illuminating the fog that surrounds us.
The welfare of each is bound up in the welfare of all.
I wasted time, and now doth time waste me.
There are no limits to either time or distance, except as man himself may make them. I have but to touch the wind to know these things.
There is something fundamentally wrong in treating the Earth as if it were a business in liquidation.
A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom.
There is nothing like staying at home for real comfort.
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work.
To begin to think with purpose, is to enter the ranks of those strong ones who only recognize failure as one of the pathways to attainment.
The fact that a believer is happier than a sceptic is no more to the point than the fact that a drunken man is happier than a sober one. The happiness of credulity is a cheap and dangerous quality.
everybody wants happiness nobody wants pain but you cant have a rainbow without a little rain
At what point in our lives do we stop blurring When do we become crisp individuals What must we do in order to end these fuzzy identities  to clarify just who it is we really are<BR>Richard 
All of us do not have equal talent. Yet, All of us have an equal opportunity to develop our talent.
It occurred to me in my junior year of high school. I got my first letter from a big college. I still have that letter to this day - a letter from Indiana.
The eye of genius has always a plaintive expression, and its natural language is pathos.
Indifference is harder to fight than hostility, and there is nothing that kills an agitation like having everybody admit that it is fundamentally right.
This war differs from other wars, in this particular. We are not fighting armies but a hostile people, and must make old and young, rich and poor, feel the hard hand of war.
Men may second fortune, but they cannot thwart her-They may weave her web, but they cannot break it.
To know after absence the familiar street and road and village and house is to know again the satisfaction of home.
the writing of some  men  is like a vast bridge  that carries you  over  the many things  that claw and tear.  The Wine of Forever
Try as you will, you cannot annihilate that eternal relic of the human heart, love.
And when it rains on your parade, look up rather than down. Without the rain, there would be no rainbow.
The power of the people and the power of reason are one.
It is more offensive to outshine in dignity than in personal attractions.
I think people often confuse success with fame and stardom.
Three helping one another bear the burden of six.
We had gay burglars the other night. They broke in and rearranged the furniture.
The issue of remittances where we have millions of Mexicans working in the United States sending back dollars. He said they send back 10 billion dollars a year.
Heroes, whatever high ideas we may have of them, are mortal and not divine. We are all as God made us and many of us much worse.
Books, I found, had the power to make time stand still, retreat or fly into the future.
I love you is the inscription on Pandora\'s box.
My dad was a workaholic. I saw him work seven days a week.
I conceive that pleasures are to be avoided if greater pains be the consequence, and pains to be coveted that will terminate in greater pleasures.
The house built on the sand may oftentimes be built higher, have more fair parapets and battlements, windows and ornaments, than that which is built upon the rock; yet all gifts and privileges equal not one grace.
I think it is absolutely essential in a democracy to have competition in the media, a lot of competition, and we seem to be moving away from that.
Better not be at all than not be noble.
Little pots soon boil over.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
They say everyday is a gift. I wanna know where the gift receipt is so I can exchange Monday for Saturday.
A drunken night makes a cloudy morning.
The safest way to double your money is to fold it over and put it in your pocket.
Sometimes you have to suck it up and call a number.
It is love rather than sexual lust or unbridled sexuality if, in addition to the need or want involved, there is also some impulse to give pleasure to the persons thus loved and not merely to use them for our own selfish pleasure.
Watching some1 you love walk away, not knowing when youll see them again is one of the hardest things especially when they dont know how much they mean to you
Those who write clearly have readers, those who write obscurely have commentators.
The body is the substance of the stone.
Prejudice is a mist, which in our journey through the world often dims the brightest and obscures the best of all the good and glorious objects that meet us on our way.
Life is not measured by the breaths you take, but by its breathtaking moments.
Hard times always reveal true friends.
Dreams are only dreams until you wake up and make them real.
Evil report carries faster than any applause.
Expecting to be able to get rid of the competitive drive, first of all, flies in the face of human nature - and little girls certainly have this drive, as much as little boys do, or at least the little girls I have observed in my immediate family have it.
If a business does well, the stock eventually follows.
People will question all the good things they hear about you but believe all the bad without a second thought.
Life is not easy for any of us. But what of that? We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves. We must believe that we are gifted for something and that this thing must be attained.
Wonder is the basis of worship.
A railroad is like a lie you have to keep building it to make it stand.
When steam first began to pump and wheels go round at so many revolutions per minute, what are called business habits were intended to make the life of man run in harmony with the steam engine, and his movement rival the train in punctuality.
War will disappear only when men shall take no part whatever in violence and shall be ready to suffer every persecution that their abstention will bring them. It is the only way to abolish war.
You cannot make a windmill go with a pair of bellows.
His was the face you could never quite see, his the hands which dealt all the spades from a dead deck, his the eyes beyond the flames, his the grin from beyond the grave of the world.
Time does not change us. It just unfolds us.
Kiss someone like kissing is the only way you have to communicate. There is no conversation. There is no sex. There are only two sets of lips that are ravenous to be recognized and treasured.
Who gossips to you will gossip about you.
Friends... they cherish one another\'s hopes. They are kind to one another\'s dreams.
Let each become all that he was created capable of being.
Life is the fire that burns and the sun that gives light. Life is the wind and the rain and the thunder in the sky. Life is matter and is earth, what is and what is not, and what beyond is in Eternity.
It is the still, small voice that the soul heeds, not the deafening blasts of doom.
Faithfulness and sincerity are the highest things.
There is no cure for birth and death save to enjoy the interval.
once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit
The trust that we put in ourselves makes us feel trust in others.
Let us begin by committing ourselves to the truth to see it like it is, and tell it like it is, to find the truth, to speak the truth, and to live the truth.
Mighty things from small beginnings grow.
Just as worship begins in holy expectancy, it ends in holy obedience. If worship does not propel us into greater obedience, it has not been worship.
Break one link and the whole chain falls apart.
If you only design menus that are essentially junk or fast food, the whole infrastructure supports junk.
Every decision you make is a mistake.
If a friend tell thee a fault, imagine always that he telleth thee not the whole.
My voice, I have to say, is kind of miraculous because I was born with a cleft palate.
The afterthought is good for nought, except it be to catch blind horses with.
You can find the entire cosmos lurking in its least remarkable objects.
True success is overcoming the fear of being unsuccessful.
I love what I do and I love the fans.
When you learn to accept instead of expect, Youll have fewer disappointments.
No one is so thoroughly superstitious as the godless man.
I hate getting bored.
Dick Dart emerged from the ether during a flight from New York with my wife and children to Puerto Rico.
Trust is the lubrication that makes it possible for organizations to work.
The best we can do is size up the chances, calculate the risks involved, estimate our ability to deal with them, and then make our plans with confidence.
How do you expect me to remember your birthday, when you never look any older? happy birthday!
For his mourners will be outcast men, and outcasts always mourn.
I\'m just as insufferable and useless as every other dad is. The dynamic never changes, no matter what you do for a living.
Wherever there is danger, there lurks opportunity; whenever there is opportunity, there lurks danger. The two are inseparable. They go together.
Next to knowing when to seize an opportunity, the most important thing in life is to know when to forego an advantage.
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away.
I am heartily rejoiced that my term is so near its close. I will soon cease to be a servant and will become a sovereign.
The secret of joy in work is contained in one word - excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.
There was no difference between the behavior of a god and the operations of pure chance.
Common sense hides shame.
Clarity is the counterbalance of profound thoughts.
A revolution is a struggle to the death between the future and the past.
Never try to walk across a river just because it has an average depth of four feet.
Time moved for you not in quotidian beats but in the slow rhythm the ages keep  
Elsas joke Where do baby apes sleep <BR>In apricots 
But be doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving yourselves. James 1:22
The new electronic independence re-creates the world in the image of a global village.
When it comes to life the critical thing is whether you take things for granted or take them with gratitude.
Give me a man who says, This one thing I do, and not, These fifty things, I dabble in.
You can buy education, but wisdom is a gift from God.
A girl with cotton stockings never sees a mouse.
“No matter how tough it gets giving up is not an option. Keep soldiering on.” 
The sea is rushing in now as unconsciousness does. I can see a chord, hear gospels songs and rhythms, as we hoist the sails. The sails are a soft white bird. We are airborne. We are primitive.
To err is human. To blame someone else is politics.
The income tax created more criminals than any other single act of government.
You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims.
Cultivate the habit of being grateful for every good thing that comes to you, and to give thanks continuously. And because all things have contributed to your advancement, you should include all things in your gratitude.
Blood is a cleansing and sanctifying thing, and the nation that regards it as the final horror has lost its manhood... there are many things more horrible than bloodshed, and slavery is one of them!
Find out the reason that commands you to write; see whether it has spread its roots into the very depth of your heart; confess to yourself you would have to die if you were forbidden to write.
Modernity exists in the form of a desire to wipe out whatever came earlier, in the hope of reaching at least a point that could be called a true present, a point of origin that marks a new departure.
When the sword is once drawn, the passions of men observe no bounds of moderation.
I doubt if a single individual could be found from the whole of mankind free from some form of insanity. The only difference is one of degree. A man who sees a gourd and takes it for his wife is called insane because this happens to very few people.
I envy the dead.
There cannot be a God because if there were one, I could not believe that I was not He.
Politics are such a torment that I would advise every one I love not to mix with them.
Some people drift along like a cork on a river, feeling that they cannot do anything except drift, moment to moment. This is an attitude of mind. Everyone can be constructive even in tiny ways.
Vulgarity is the conduct of other people, just as falsehoods are the truths of other people.
In fighting and in everyday life you should be determined though calm. Meet the situation without tenseness yet not recklessly, your spirit settled yet unbiased. An elevated spirit is weak and a low spirit is weak. Do not let the enemy see your spirit.
I found this national debt, doubled, wrapped in a big bow waiting for me as I stepped into the Oval Office.
The coward sneaks to death; the brave live on.
Numbers constitute the only universal language.
The thing I loved the most - and still love the most about teaching - is that you can connect with an individual or a group, and see that individual or group exceed their limits.
Passion and prejudice govern the world; only under the name of reason.
For as the eyes of bats are to the blaze of day, so is the reason in our soul to the things which are by nature most evident of all.
You were made by God and for God, and until you understand that, life will never make sense.
That we are not much sicker and much madder than we are is due exclusively to that most blessed and blessing of all natural graces, sleep.
There are no extraordinary men... just extraordinary circumstances that ordinary men are forced to deal with.
Keep true to the dreams of thy youth.
If I was a gold-digger, I would have a lot of money in my bank account. I\'d be worth millions and millions.
My advice is keep your lips away from the spinning things.
There are three methods to gaining wisdom. The first is reflection, which is the highest. The second is limitation, which is the easiest. The third is experience, which is the bitterest.
Peace with a club in hand is war.
I cannot conceive of Israel withdrawing if Arab states do not recognize Israel, within secure borders.
The moment a man sets his thoughts down on paper, however secretly, he is in a sense writing for publication.
Integrity is so perishable in the summer months of success.
If we do not make tough decisions now, future Americans will have to make even tougher ones.
My idea of a real treat is Magic Mountain without standing in line.
I have a very bad relationship with mice.
Colleges are places where pebbles are polished and diamonds are dimmed.
Humor is the ability to see three sides to one coin.
To avoid entangling alliances has been a maxim of our policy ever since the days of Washington, and its wisdom no one will attempt to dispute.
It takes two to make a murder. There are born victims, born to have their throats cut, as the cut-throats are born to be hanged.
To find a form that accommodates the mess, that is the task of the artist now.
The Kingdom of Heaven is not a place, but a state of mind.
The wrath of brothers is fierce and devilish.
The creative person is usually rebellious. He or she is the survivor of a trauma called education.
Without alienation, there can be no politics.
By seeking and blundering we learn.
The superior man is the providence of the inferior. He is eyes for the blind, strength for the weak, and a shield for the defenseless. He stands erect by bending above the fallen. He rises by lifting others.
I can stand brute force, but brute reason is quite unbearable. It is hitting below the intellect.
Instinct. When the house burns one forgets even lunch. Yes, but one eats it later in the ashes.
Communication - the human connection - is the key to personal and career success.
Our high respect for a well read person is praise enough for literature.
To sit alone in the lamplight with a book spread out before you hold intimate converse with men of unseen generations -- such is pleasure beyond compare.
The price of meat has just gone up and your old lady has just gone down.
Ive been saying it so long to you you just wouldnt listen. Every time you said Farm Boy do this you thought I was answering As you wish but thats only because you were hearing wrong. I love you was what it was but you never heard. 
Everyone, young and old, must have access to the knowledge and skills to participate in the evolving economy.
They that govern the most make the least noise.
He that is possessed with a prejudice is possessed with a devil.
Elinor agreed with it all, for she did not think he deserved the compliment of rational opposition.
A claim for equality of material position can be met only by a government with totalitarian powers.
Nature conserves, prefers novelty.
Where you live in the world should not determine whether you live in the world.
The opposite of play is not work. The opposite of play is depression.
To speak gratitude is courteous and pleasant, to enact gratitude is generous and noble, but to live gratitude is to touch Heaven.
The years teach much the days never know. 
Prostitution, although hounded, imprisoned, and chained, is nevertheless the greatest triumph of Puritanism.
Compromise makes a good umbrella, but a poor roof; it is temporary expedient, often wise in party politics, almost sure to be unwise in statesmanship.
A single lie destroys a whole reputation of integrity.
Cheese is gold in the morning, silver at noon, and lead at night.
We might possess every technological resource... but if our language is inadequate, our vision remains formless, our thinking and feeling are still running in the old cycles, our process may be \"revolutionary\" but not transformative.
The selfish spirit of commerce knows no country, and feels no passion or principle but that of gain.
Success always occurs in private, and failure in full view.
As much as we thirst for approval we dread condemnation.
Poverty makes you sad as well as wise.
The difference between science and the fuzzy subjects is that science requires reasoning while those other subjects merely require scholarship.
The lesson of history is that you do not get a sustained economic recovery as long as the financial system is in crisis.
The jealous are possessed by a mad devil and a dull spirit at the same time.
Nowhere so busy a man as he than he, and yet he seemed busier than he was.
Science fiction writers foresee the inevitable, and although problems and catastrophes may be inevitable, solutions are not.
It is smarter to borrow from nature than to reinvent the wheels.
Laziness is me middle name.
I pack my trunk, embrace my friends, embark on the sea and at last wake up in Naples, and there beside me is the stern fact, the sad self, unrelenting, identical, that I fled from.
I feel however, that we architects have a special duty and mission... (to contribute) to the socio-cultural development of architecture and urban planning.
There are two kinds of companies, those that work to try to charge more and those that work to charge less. We will be the second.
You have to do something in your life that is honorable and not cowardly if you are to live in peace with yourself, and for the firefighter it is fire.
In the past, those who foolishly sought power by riding on the back of the tiger ended up inside.
As I make my slow pilgrimage through the world, a certain sense of beautiful mystery seems to gather and grow.
The greatest ability in business is to get along with others and to influence their actions.
The truth of our faith becomes a matter of ridicule among the infidels if any Catholic, not gifted with the necessary scientific learning, presents as dogma what scientific scrutiny shows to be false.
I make movies for teenage boys. Oh dear, what a crime.
Generally speaking, life is so rich and full of variety; you have to remember all the time that there is a comical side to everything.
He that winna be ruled by the rudder maun be ruled by the rock.
We are not necessarily doubting that God will do the best for us; we are wondering how painful the best will turn out to be.
Laughter is a tranquilizer with no side effects.
It is a wise father that knows his own child.
If one synchronised swimmer drowns, do all the rest have to drown too?
Faith is love taking the form of aspiration.
To me faith means not worrying.
We are all so much together, but we are all dying of loneliness.
Truth forever on the scaffold, wrong forever on the throne.
Wisdom has its root in goodness, not goodness its root in wisdom.
How you think about a problem is more important than the problem itself. So always think positively.
It is more from carelessness about the truth than from intentional lying that there is so much falsehood in the world.
In my life, I have prayed but one prayer: oh Lord, make my enemies ridiculous. And God granted it.
Revenge proves its own executioner.
No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.
There is room in the smallest cottage for a happy loving pair.
I was born in London, so going there is always a treat.
Don\'t give up on your dreams, or your dreams will give up on you.
The corruption of the best things gives rise to the worst.
Basically you have to suppress your own ambitions in order to be who you need to be.
Democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people by the people for the people.
Perfect boyfriend : Does not drink, does not smoke, does not cheat and also Does not exist :P
Life - the way it really is - is a battle not between Bad and Good but between Bad and Worse.
Sometimes pain and hurt can open your eyes from the blindness.
Wise sayings often fall on barren ground, but a kind word is never thrown away.
The best way to fill time is to waste it.
Never too old, never too bad, never too late
The most remarkable thing about my mother is that for thirty years she served the family nothing but leftovers. The original meal has never been found.
Pager companies are very much looking to provide new services to help them regain some of their customer base.
A true man of honor feels humbled himself when he cannot help humbling others.
An opera begins long before the curtain goes up and ends long after it has come down. It starts in my imagination, it becomes my life, and it stays part of my life long after I\'ve left the opera house.
Love is the strange bewilderment that overtakes one person on account of another person.
I was afraid that by observing objects with my eyes and trying to comprehend them with each of my other senses I might blind my soul altogether.
The future can be anything we want it to be, providing we have the faith and that we realize that peace, no less than war, required blood and sweat and tears.
Virtue has never been as respectable as money.
Avarice, or the desire of gain, is a universal passion which operates at all times, at all places, and upon all persons.
We shall fight against them, throw them in prisons and destroy them.
We are losing sight of civility in government and politics. Debate and dialogue is taking a back seat to the politics of destruction and anger and control. Dogma has replaced thoughtful discussion between people of differing views.
No other place can so convincingly claim to be the capital of capitalism the capital of the 20th century and the capital of the world. 
Art is a selective re-creation of reality according to an artists metaphysical value judgments.
It is useless for the sheep to pass resolutions in favor of vegetarianism, while the wolf remains of a different opinion.
Some like sunday some like monday, but i like your birthday.happy birthday my sweetheart.
Man has set for himself the goal of conquering the world but in the processes loses his soul.
Everyone is bound to bear patiently the results of his own example.
Retaliation is related to nature and instinct, not to law. Law, by definition, cannot obey the same rules as nature.
I used to have a drug problem, now I make enough money.
A sovereign mind is impenetrable and cannot be molested.
When you have to start compromising yourself or your morals for the people around you, its probably time to change the people around you!
Conversation enriches the understanding; but solitude is the school of genius.
The details are not the details. They make the design.
I think there are some songwriters who are just brilliant who can write and then I think there are some songwriters who can like me I have a problem writing chorus lyrics but I can write a song in a story like that.
No one can be good for long if goodness is not in demand.
One is never more on trial than in the moment of excessive good fortune.
Men never do evil so fully and cheerfully as when we do it out of conscience.
When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
With the fearful strain that is on me night and day, if I did not laugh I should die.
I often quote myself. It adds spice to my conversation.
A good writer is not necessarily a good book critic. No more so than a good drunk is automatically a good bartender.
Men shut their doors against a setting sun.
But in his duty prompt at every call, he watched and wept, he prayed and felt for all.
Design is not making beauty, beauty emerges from selection, affinities, integration, love.
Many great ideas have been lost because the people who had them could not stand being laughed at.
Believe things, rather than man.
Even as the cell is the unit of the organic body, so the family is the unit of society.
You usually have to wait for that which is worth waiting for.
The wildest colts make the best horses.
When one is in town one amuses oneself. When one is in the country one amuses other people. It is excessively boring.
Perfection consists not in doing extraordinary things, but in doing ordinary things extraordinarily well.
He delighteth not in the strength of a horse: he taketh not pleasure in the legs of a man. The Lord taketh pleasure in them that fear him, in those that hope in his mercy.
Where evil habits are once settled, they are more easily broken than mended.
The only way to avoid being miserable is not to have enough leisure to wonder whether you are happy or not.
I am always busy, which is perhaps the chief reason why I am always well.
Self-respect--the secure feeling that no one, as yet, is suspicious.
I like the creative aspect of developing a project.
A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than he loves himself.
You sleep safe in your beds because rough men stand ready in the night to visit violence on those who would do you harm.
I can have peace of mind only when I forgive rather than judge.
Dost thou think because thou art virtuous there shall be no more cakes and ale?
If I take care of my character, my reputation will take care of me.
Faith... must be enforced by reason... when faith becomes blind it dies.
Greed probably figures in my intellectual life as well, as I attempt to absorb a massive amount of information with consequent mental indigestion.
Life is the art of being well deceived and in order that the deception may succeed it must be habitual and uninterrupted.
In the course of my observation, the disputing, contradicting and confuting people are generally unfortunate in their affairs. They get victory sometimes, but they never get good will, which would be of more use to them.
A belief is not true because it is useful.
Im fine. Well Im not fine  Im here.<BR>Is there something wrong with that<BR>Absolutely. 
These vessels are out of sight, out of mind. They are exempt from minimum-wage requirements, from Coast Guard inspections, OSHA regulations and other safety laws.
Why make everything complicated? You worry and see only the worst case scenario, instead of keeping it simple and positive.
Every fighter has one fight that makes or breaks him.
My only solution for the problem of habitual accidents is to stay in bed all day. Even then, there is always the chance that you will fall out.
At the cross God wrapped his heart in flesh and blood and let it be nailed to the cross for our redemption.
Courage is like love it must have hope for nourishment.
Once upon a perfect night, unclouded and still, there came the face of a pale and beautiful lady. The tresses of her hair reached out to make the constellations, and the dewy vapours of her gown fell soft upon the land.
Anyone who has invented a better mousetrap, or the contemporary equivalent, can expect to be harassed by strangers demanding that you read their unpublished manuscripts or undergo the humiliation of public speaking, usually on remote Midwestern campuses.
No man is hurt but by himself
Usury once in control will wreck the nation.
Nothing is so admirable in politics as a short memory.
See, you not only have to be a good coder to create a system like Linux, you have to be a sneaky bastard too.
No attempt at ethical or social seduction can eradicate from my heart a deep burning hatred for the Tory Party. So far as I am concerned they are lower than vermin.
The true triumph of reason is that it enables us to get along with those who do not possess it.
Writing is like prostitution. First you do it for love, and then for a few close friends, and then for money.
The past should be a springboard, not a hammock.
Face the facts of being what you are, for that is what changes what you are.
Sharing and giving are the ways of God.
The world is filled with violence. Because criminals carry guns, we decent law-abiding citizens should also have guns. Otherwise they will win and the decent people will loose.
When I think of you, I dont think of tomorrow.
The relationship between the public and the artist is complex and difficult to explain. There is a fine line between using this critical energy creatively and pandering to it.
He that composes himself is wiser than he that composes a book.
Men who have reached and passed 45, have a look as if waiting for the secret of the other world, and as if they were perfectly sure of having found out the secret of this.
It is better to discuss things, to argue and engage in polemics than make perfidious plans of mutual destruction.
A clear conscience is a soft pillow.
I wanna survive an avalanche. I wanna be one of those people a dog finds buried under a ton of snow, almost dying of starvation.
Knowledge can cure ignorance, but intelligence cannot cure stupidity.
The language of truth is unadorned and always simple.
The offshore ocean area under U.S. jurisdiction is larger than our land mass, and teems with plant and animal life, mineral resources, commerce, trade, and energy sources.
From the beginning of our history the country has been afflicted with compromise. It is by compromise that human rights have been abandoned.
Specialists are people who always repeat the same mistakes.
It is possible to provide security against other ills, but as far as death is concerned, we men live in a city without walls.
When knowledge is limited - it leads to folly... When knowledge exceeds a certain limit, it leads to exploitation.
Scratch the Christian and you find the pagan - spoiled.
He who overcomes himself is divine. Most see their ruin before their eyes; but they go on into it.
We must realize that the subconscious mind is the law of action and always expresses what the conscious mind has impressed on it. What we regularly entertain in our mind creates a conception of self. What we conceive ourselves to be, we become.
Death has a tendency to encourage a depressing view of war.
I would rather die in freedom on my way back home than starve to death here.
Early morning cheerfulness can be extremely obnoxious.
It is a matter of shame that in the morning the birds should be awake earlier than you.
The irrepressible conflict propounded by abolitionism has produced now its legitimate fruits - disunion.
The car has become an article of dress without which we feel uncertain, unclad, and incomplete.
Your past is done, so forget it. Your future is yet to come, so dream it. But your present is now, so live it.
One sometimes finds what one is not looking for.
I were better to be eaten to death with a rust than to be scoured to nothing with perpetual motion.
My goal in life is to enjoy what I do, and never to look back and say I wish I would have done that, and to go to UCLA, and to become someone great in life!
Disneyland is the star, everything else is in the supporting role.
My hope still is to leave the world a bit better than when I got here.
An eye for an eye only leads to more blindness.
Courage is simply the willingness to be afraid and act anyway.
Dont go that extra mile for someone who isnt even worth the run.
One should either be a work of art, or wear a work of art.
For diplomacy to be effective, words must be credible - and no one can now doubt the word of America.
To have a great man for a friend seems pleasant to those who have never tried it; those who have, fear it.
Your own soul is nourished when you are kind; it is destroyed when you are cruel.
Those who know do not speak. Those who speak do not know.
As the ancient commander addressed his soldiers before battle, so should the moralist speak to men in the struggle of the era.
Spend and be free, but make no waste.
Eloquence, at its highest pitch, leaves little room for reason or reflection, but addresses itself entirely to the desires and affections, captivating the willing hearers, and subduing their understanding.
The three great American vices seem to be efficiency, punctuality, and the desire for achievement and success. They are the things that make the Americans so unhappy and so nervous.
My friends, whoever has had experience of evils knows how whenever a flood of ills comes upon mortals, a man fears everything; but whenever a divine force cheers on our voyage, then we believe that the same fate will always blow fair.
And looking at the landslides, you saw how Gore beat Bush so substantially in California.
My heart beats faster when i see you.
Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it\'s all over.
Danger and delight grow on one stalk.
War has become a luxury that only small nations can afford.
Progress and reaction have both turned out to be swindles. Seemingly, there is nothing left but quietism -- robbing reality of its terrors by simply submitting to it.
Telling someone something he does not understand is pointless, even if you add that he will not be able to understand it.
Every marriage tends to consist of an aristocrat and a peasant. Of a teacher and a learner.
Life Lesson 3 You cant rush grief. It has its own timetable. All you can do is make sure there are lots of soft places around  beds pillows arms laps. 
For all life is a dream, and dreams themselves are only dreams.
An editor should tell the author his writing is better than it is. Not a lot better, a little better.
Sexism is not the fault of women - kill your fathers, not your mothers.
Strong lives are motivated by dynamic purposes; lesser ones exist on wishes and inclinations.
For it is with the mysteries of our religion, as with wholesome pills for the sick, which swallowed whole, have the virtue to cure; but chewed, are for the most part cast up again without effect.
The further you get away from yourself, the more challenging it is. Not to be in your comfort zone is great fun.
It is more important that a proposition be interesting than that it be true.
The issue of human rights is one of the most fundamental human issues and also one of the most sensitive and controversial.
A transcendent being can be any miracle.
When I cook, my brain stops completely.
Irresponsibility is part of the pleasure of all art it is the part the schools cannot recognize.
Help is not help until it is given, so turn your intentions to help into acts of help.  We judge ourselves by our intentions, but others judge us by our actions.
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
On average, the Chinese, Koreans, and Japanese are more similar to each other and are different from Australians, Israelis and the Swedes, who in turn are similar to each other and are different from Nigerians, Kenyans, and Jamaicans.
The only winner in the War of 1812 was Tchaikovsky.
Your mind, which is yourself, can be likened to a house. The first necessary move then, is to rid that house of all but furnishings essential to success.
In any architecture, there is an equity between the pragmatic function and the symbolic function.
Sweet, crazy conversations full of half sentences, daydreams and misunderstandings more thrilling than understanding could ever be.
Classic art was the art of necessity: modern romantic art bears the stamp of caprice and chance.
Seeing is believing.
He who goes to law for a sheep loses his cow.
Life is the continuous adjustment of external relations.
The competitor to be feared is one who never bothers about you at all, but goes on making his own business better all the time.
The Lord gave us two ends - one to sit on and the other to think with. Success depends on which one we use the most.
In the morning a man walks with his whole body; in the evening, only with his legs.
It is a very delicate job to forgive a man, without lowering him in his own estimation, and yours too.
The art of governing mankind by deceiving them.
Guided only by their feeling for symmetry, simplicity, and generality, and an indefinable sense of the fitness of things, creative mathematicians now, as in the past, are inspired by the art of mathematics rather than by any prospect of ultimate usefulness.
Computers make me totally blank out.
Heart is the greatest cheater in this world because it makes thousands of different excuses to stay in touch with the person you love.
Bureaucracy is not an obstacle to democracy but an inevitable complement to it.
True friendship consists not in the multitude of friends, but in their worth and value.
Only when the last tree has been cut down; Only when the last river has been poisoned; Only when the last fish has been caught;  Only then will you find that money cannot be eaten.
I do take my work seriously and the way to do that is not to take yourself too seriously.
No adultery is bloodless.
I never exaggerate. I just remember big.
We climb to heaven most often on the ruins of our cherished plans, finding our failures were successes.
It is better to be old-fashioned and right than to be up-to-date and wrong.
Forgive me, Spirit of my spirit, for this, that I have found it easier to read the mystery told in tears and understood Thee better in sorrow than in joy.
Success is moving from failure to failure without a loss of enthusiasm.
Tennis is a perfect combination of violent action taking place in an atmosphere of total tranquillity.
There is a destiny which makes us brothers none goes his way alone. All that we send into the lives of others comes back into our own.
Crime does not pay as well as politics.
The more I see of the representatives of the people, the more I admire my dogs.
I am not a Catholic; but I consider the Christian idea, which has its roots in Greek thought and in the course of the centuries has nourished all of our European civilization, as something that one cannot renounce without becoming degraded.
The greatest difficulties lie where we are not looking for them.
They pick all of us out, and then they decide, they computerize, decide if they like it or don\'t like it, and then they go home, and then they come back again because they\'re not sure what they saw.
The fame of heroes owes little to the extent of their conquests and all to the success of the tributes paid to them.
Liberty is the proper end and object of authority, and cannot subsist without it; and it is liberty to that which is good, just, and honest.
Anyone who speaks in the name of others is always an imposter.
A real man wouldnt care about your past if he seezs a future with you in the present moment.
Being Irish is very much a part of who I am. I take it everywhere with me.
Nothing is divine but what is agreeable to reason.
One of the things I wanted to introduce in The Same Sea beyond transcending the conflict, is the fact that deep down below all our secrets are the same.
If politics is the art of the possible, research is surely the art of the soluble. Both are immensely practical-minded affairs.
In photography there is a reality so subtle that it becomes more real than reality.
The day before my 16th birthday I got my guitar.
Warning! Monday is here, I repeat, Monday is Here!!  this is not a drill.
There is one advantage to having nothing, it never needs repair.
Now I can do no more. We must trust to the Great Disposer of all events and the justice of our cause. I thank God for this opportunity of doing my duty.
Once can give a really unbiased opinion only about things that do not interest one, which is no doubt the reason an unbiased opinion is always valueless. The man who sees both sides of a question is a man who sees absolutely nothing.
Pain was something we were expected to endure. But I doubt very much if you would be entirely happy today if a doctor threw a towel in your face and jumped on you with a knife.
I want someone to laugh with me, someone to be grave with me, someone to please me and help my discrimination with his or her own remark, and at times, no doubt, to admire my acuteness and penetration.
Prudence and compromise are necessary means, but every man should have an impudent end which he will not compromise.
Fools may our scorn, not envy, raise. For envy is a kind of praise.
The path is smooth that leadeth on to danger.
To find a prince, you gotta kiss some toads.
Never make a defense or apology before you are accused.
I stuck out like a sore thumb when I came on, just by the fact that I looked so different. I think that adjustment for the audience was a hurdle for me.
In fact, even the current administration now is releasing recent reports indicating that climate change is real, that global warming is occurring, that it is heavily influenced by man-made objects and that it is something we cannot ignore any longer.
Helped are those who create anything at all, for they shall relive the thrill of their own conception and realize a partnership in the creation of the Universe that keeps them responsible and cheerful.
From the middle of life onward, only he remains vitally alive who is ready to die with life.
Hope is such a bait, it covers any hook.
The White House is the finest prison in the world.
Boldness is ever blind, for it sees not dangers and inconveniences whence it is bad in council though good in execution.
Differences challenge assumptions.
Hello stress welcome to my life looks like youve made yourself quite comfortable.
We are inclined to believe those whom we don not know because they have never deceived us.
Battering the gates of heaven with the storms of prayer.
Men only have two faults, what they do, and what they say..
Be thankful for what you are NOW, and keep fighting for what you want to be tomorrow.
When interest rates are high you want the average direction in which interest rates are moving to be downward; when interest rates are low you want the average direction to be upward.
All things tend to corrupt perverted minds.
Nakedness reveals itself.Nudity is placed on display.The nude is condemned to neverbeing naked.Nudity is a form of dress.
Being busy does not always mean real work. The object of all work is production or accomplishment and to either of these ends there must be forethought, system, planning, intelligence, and honest purpose, as well as perspiration. Seeming to do is not doing.
The worker can unionize, go out on strike; mothers are divided from each other in homes, tied to their children by compassionate bonds; our wildcat strikes have most often taken the form of physical or mental breakdown.
I want to be a soul singer.
These are facts, these are not imaginary things.
May is a very early time in the year and the weather is usually bad. You cannot run a fast mile race if there is a strong wind, because it makes your running uneven.
He took me under his wing when I first came to the Rams and taught me everything - his technique in the pass rush, how to play off blockers, and how to make the big play.
There is an eternal landscape, a geography of the soul; we search for its outlines all our lives.
The eyes like sentinel occupy the highest place in the body.
My religion is based on truth and non-violence. Truth is my God. Non-violence is the means of realising Him.
I walk on untrodden ground. There is scarcely any part of my conduct which may not hereafter be drawn into precedent.
I have a beautiful wife and two beautiful children, and every day I am paid to do what I love.
The eyes of the soul of the multitudes are unable to endure the vision of the divine.
Abused patience turns to fury.
Cheerful company shortens the miles.
The country was in peril; he was jeopardizing his traditional rights of freedom and independence by daring to exercise them.
Behold a worthy sight, to which the God, turning his attention to his own work, may direct his gaze. Behold an equal thing, worthy of a God, a brave man matched in conflict with evil fortune.
Take action in order to move toward your goals.
My other brother-in-law died. He was a karate expert, then joined the army. The first time he saluted, he killed himself.
I would always encourage people of any age not to be so quick to follow other people\'s truths but to search and follow your own moral code and live by your own integrity, and mostly just be brave.
Quite frankly, teachers are the only profession that teach our children.
Those who are prepared to die for any cause are seldom defeated.
When there is a huge force pressing down on freedoms, sub-cultures with more creativity and power are likely to form.
You are destined to become the author that your aspirations and work ethic dictate.
Human relations are built on feeling, not on reason or knowledge. And feeling is not an exact science; like all spiritual qualities, it has the vagueness of greatness about it.
Words are seeds. They land in our hearts. Be careful what you plant and careful what you say. You might have to eat what you planted one day.
As our enemies have found we can reason like men, so now let us show them we can fight like men also.
Provision for others is a fundamental responsibility of human life.
God isn\'t compatible with machinery and scientific medicine and universal happiness. You must make your choice. Our civilization has chosen machinery and medicine and happiness.
After a certain point, money is meaningless. It ceases to be the goal. The game is what counts.
Gay rights is not something most of us think about - because most of us happen to have been born straight.
Oh rage! Oh despair! Oh age, my enemy!
In passing, we should note this curious mark of our own age: the only absolute allowed is the absolute insistence that there is no absolute.
I will not be discouraged by failure; I will not be elated by success.
The husband and wife are one, and that one is the husband.
Nature, more of a stepmother than a mother in several ways, has sown a seed of evil in the hearts of mortals, especially in the more thoughtful men, which makes them dissatisfied with their own lot and envious of another s.
But surely for everything you have to love you have to pay some price.
No pain, no palm, no thorns, no throne, no gall, no glory, no cross, no crown.
It is not the simple statement of facts that ushers in freedom; it is the constant repetition of them that has this liberating effect. Tolerance is the result not of enlightenment, but of boredom.
I talked to him on Christmas and again on March 5th. Neither one of us hung up the phone that whole time.  
The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment. 
If a society is to preserve stability and a degree of continuity, it must know how to keep its adolescents from imposing their tastes, attitudes, values and fantasies on everyday life.
Just as a flower which seems beautiful and has color but no perfume, so are the fruitless words of the man who speaks them but does them not.
Principal is a passion for truth!
Keep doing some kind of work, that the devil may always find you employed.
When you look at it that way, you can see how absurd it is that we individualize ourselves with our fences and hoarded possessions.
You cannot do wrong without suffering wrong.
Youth smiles without any reason. It is one of its chiefest charms.
Respect for self is the beginning of cultivating virtue in men and women.
It is a governing principle of nature, that the agency which can produce most good, when perverted from its proper aim, is most productive of evil.
We are muddled into war.
Politics is just like show business. You have a hell of an opening, coast for a while, and then have a hell of a close.
I\'m considered homophobic and crazy about these things and old fashioned. But I think that the family - father, mother, children - is fundamental to our civilisation.
At the age of six I wanted to be a cook. At seven I wanted to be Napoleon. And my ambition has been growing steadily ever since.
The office of the public teacher is an unenviable and thankless one.
That is why we are working with these various groups that have volunteers. We can get a lot of these things done. Nobody has dropped out, and a lot of people would like to join. We now know what each other does.
A religion without mystery must be a religion without God.
I tell you such fine music waits in the shadows of hell. 
The greatest fear that haunts this city is a suitcase bomb, nuclear or germ. Many people carry small gas masks. The masses here seem to be resigned to the inevitable, believing an attack of major proportions will happen.
I come from an ordinary family - my dad is a carpenter, a roof-maker - and we\'ve always loved racing together.
The fun never goes out, but it changes with the years, with winning and losing.
The only things that the United States has given to the world are skyscrapers, jazz, and cocktails. That is all. And in Cuba, in our America, they make much better cocktails.
We are one of the last heavy metal bands. Iron Maiden has always been unique.
One should always be in love. That is the reason one should never marry.
I do the very best I know how - the very best I can; and I mean to keep on doing so until the end.
Math lessons from the weekend: 15 drinks + day in the sun = sunburned blackout.
He who has not Christmas in his heart will never find it under a tree.
The acquiring of culture is the development of an avid hunger for knowledge and beauty.
Chess is so inspiring that I do not believe a good player is capable of having an evil thought during the game.
Knowledge is what we get when an observer, preferably a scientifically trained observer, provides us with a copy of reality that we can all recognize.
Kansas had better stop raising corn and begin raising hell.
The writer must write what he has to say, not speak it.
For Africa to me... is more than a glamorous fact. It is a historical truth. No man can know where he is going unless he knows exactly where he has been and exactly how he arrived at his present place.
Most of our misfortunes are more supportable than the comments of our friends upon them.
Humor is the affectionate communication of insight.
The hindmost dog may catch the hare.
An excessive knowledge of Marxism is a sign of a misspent youth.
It\'s not like I don\'t have my own wants and dreams anymore - it\'s just that the kids come first. It\'s primal.
The words of the Bible, and the Bible alone, should be heard from the pulpit.
The salary of the chief executive of a large corporation is not a market award for achievement. It is frequently in the nature of a warm personal gesture by the individual to himself.
The world is the best of all possible worlds, and everything in it is a necessary evil.
When you combine ignorance and leverage, you get some pretty interesting results.
The man visited by ecstasies and visions, who takes dreams for realities is an enthusiast; the man who supports his madness with murder is a fanatic.
I learned denial from my mother. I just never confronted things and if anybody did, I just would go crazy.
San Francisco is a mad city - inhabited for the most part by perfectly insane people whose women are of a remarkable beauty.
A wise man sees as much as he ought, not as much as he can.
The trial of a case is a three-legged stool - a judge and two advocates.
If all the economists were laid end to end, they\'d never reach a conclusion.
Every artist was first an amateur.
Be content with your lot; one cannot be first in everything.
You can\'t learn everything you need to know legally.
Let us train our minds to desire what the situation demands.
There is nothing glorious about what our ancestors call history. It is simply a succession of mistakes, intolerances and violations.
Wisdom is knowing the right path to take. Integrity is taking it. 
It doesn\'t make any sense... that\'s why I trust it!
I do not hold that we should rearm in order to fight. I hold that we should rearm in order to parley.
Each one of these treaties is a step for the maintenance of peace, an additional guarantee against war. It is through such machinery that the disputes between nations will be settled and war prevented.
See things as you would have them be instead of as they are.
When a man starts out to build the world, he starts first with himself.
In art and dream may you proceed with abandon. In life may you proceed with balance and stealth.
I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I have ever known.
Some of these pro-drug messages come from popular culture.
The wisdom of God\'s Word is quite clear on believers being unequally yoked. And marrying someone who is not a Christian - who is not a daily disciple of Christ - is being unequally yoked, regardless of what their beliefs might be.
But, although America cannot be justly charged with violating the rights of Turkey, Turkey nevertheless can be justly charged with violating the rights of America.
A great attitude does much more than turn on the lights in our worlds it seems to magically connect us to all sorts of serendipitous opportunities that were somehow absent before the change.
Wise to resolve, patient to perform.
The easiest thing to do, whenever you fail, is to put yourself down by blaming your lack of ability for your misfortunes.
The test of literature is, I suppose, whether we ourselves live more intensely for the reading of it.
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.
Reason is, and ought only to be the slave of the passions.
You cannot put the same shoe on every foot.
The French work to live, but the Swiss live to work.
The burden of proof is now on the Palestinians... They must fight terrorism and dismantle its infrastructures in order to make possible progress on the roadmap.
Beware of the man who rises to power from one suspender.
Right now, after having had back surgery, I am finally back to running again.
It is a pitiful fortune that is not without enemies.
Hasten slowly and ye shall soon arrive.
I buy when other people are selling.
Our freedom can be measured by the number of things we can walk away from.
It\'s not the having, it\'s the getting.
Happiness is an attitude of mind, born of the simple determination to be happy under all outward circumstances.
We shall heal our wounds, collect our dead and continue fighting.
Womanist is to feminist as purple is to lavender.
No but one can feel desperate at any age dont you think The young are eternally desperate he said frankly. And books they offer hope  that a whole universe might open up from between the covers and falling into that universe one is saved. 
The principle of the endless melody is the perpetual becoming of a music that never had any reason for starting, any more than it has any reason for ending.
The drive toward complex technical achievement offers a clue to why the U.S. is good at space gadgetry and bad at slum problems.
It\'s like, \'You\'re not allowed to change. That\'s not fair. We like you like this.\' But I don\'t. So let me expand and express myself.
The Smithsonian Festival of American Folklife, actually, was an effort to put something on the mall in Washington so American tourists could walk through America, and in their minds everything on the mall would be American.
There\'s no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government working for you.
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.
With your help I can advance against a troop; with my God I can scale a wall. Psalms 18:29
There are two things in life for which we are never truly prepared: twins.
Enclave life becomes very tense, Even when they do elect a leader, the factions remain, with the threat of splitting off.
Rough diamonds may sometimes be mistaken for worthless pebbles.
Fire is a good servant but a bad master.
By adversity are wrought the greatest works of admiration, and all the fair examples of renown, out of distress and misery are grown.
I grow dizzy when I recall that the number of manufactured tanks seems to have been more important to me than the vanished victims of racism.
Trees quiver in the wind,  sailing on a sea of mist  out of earshot.
The fact is, almost every year since the founding of these United States, our government has lived beyond its means.
No law can be sacred to me but that of my nature. Good and bad are but names very readily transferable to that or this; the only right is what is after my own constitution; the only wrong what is against it.
The whole business is built on ego, vanity, self-satisfaction, and it\'s total crap to pretend it\'s not.
I like engineering, but I love the creative input.
If you think something\'s funny, go with that. Most comedians pull jokes from a place of honesty.
I think the reward for conformity is everyone likes you but yourself.
Fraud is the daughter of greed. 
Insanity destroys reason, but not wit.
The orgasm has replaced the Cross as the focus of longing and the image of fulfillment.
Beauty is unbearable, drives us to despair, offering us for a minute the glimpse of an eternity that we should like to stretch out over the whole of time.
Were all blessed and were all blighted Chief Inspector said Finney. Everyday each of us does our sums. The question is what do we count 
Civilization is a progress from an indefinite, incoherent homogeneity toward a definite, coherent heterogeneity.
If one more \'journalist\' makes a cavalier statement about me and my band, I will personally or with my fans\' help, greet them at their home and discover just how much they believe in their freedom of speech.
He that will not command his thoughts will soon lose the command of his actions.
Before Alamein we never had a victory. After Alamein we never had a defeat.
All the breaks you need in life wait within your imagination, Imagination is the workshop of your mind, capable of turning mind energy into accomplishment and wealth.
The two greatest priorities for my government are tackling tax evasion and corruption.
Men are not allowed to think freely about chemistry and biology: why should they be allowed to think freely about political philosophy?
Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity.
Boredom is rage spread thin.
The lowest and vilest alleys of London do not present a more dreadful record of sin than does the smiling and beautiful countryside.
God will forgive me. It\'s his job.
Time goes on crutches till love have all his rites. 
I think it would be well, and proper, and obedient, and pure, to grasp your one necessity and not let it go, to dangle from it limp wherever it takes you.
There is none more lonely than the man who loves only himself.
In a revolution, as in a novel. the most difficult part to invent is the end.
Books fall from Garry Wills like leaves from a maple tree in a sort of permanent October.
Self-trust is the essence of heroism.
Charity degrades those who receive it and hardens those who dispense it.
A man has honor if he holds himself to an ideal of conduct though it is inconvenient, unprofitable, or dangerous to do so.
Speculation is only a word covering the making of money out of the manipulation of prices, instead of supplying goods and services.
It is my view that we cannot conduct foreign policy at the extremes.
And it was, it was not beating George Bush, believe it or not, the bottom line as far as I was concerned was introducing to the public who Gerry Ferraro was.
Waste your money and you\'re only out of money, but waste your time and you\'ve lost a part of your life.
The wisest keeps something of the vision of a child. Though he may understand a thousand things that a child could not understand, he is always a beginner, close to the original meaning of life.
I finally figured out what my crime was. I lived. Big mistake.
For every mountain there is a miracle.
Our whole life is solving puzzles.
There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
Israel is a country that respects freedom - freedom of assembly, freedom of speech and freedom of worship.
But you own the place, Where all my thoughts go hiding, And right under your clothes, Is where I find them.
Science is the topography of ignorance.
And the cornerstone of my economic policies, when I first got elected, was cutting taxes on everybody on who paid taxes.
Numerical quantities focus on expected values, graphical summaries on unexpected values.
That you may retain your self-respect, it is better to displease the people by doing what you know is right, than to temporarily please them by doing what you know is wrong.
I like a man who can be a real friend, has a good sense of humor, a good pair of shoes and a healthy gold card.
It is the chiefest point of happiness that a man is willing to be what he is.
Communism is the corruption of a dream of justice.
I played teen roles until high definition came out, and I could never understand it. I would go in for adult roles and be older than many of the people auditioning, but they\'d cast the girl without a line on her face.
The more ambivalent you are and the more uncertain you are, then you can get something that you cannot anticipate.
Christmas, shouldnt be about gifts, it should be about love, forgiveness, kindness, compassion, to give and be someones angel when they need it the most.
I actually think one of my strengths is my storytelling.
When liberty is mentioned, we must always be careful to observe whether it is not really the assertion of private interests which is thereby designated.
Think positive, because thoughts are like the steering wheel that moves our life in the right direction.
You just have to learn to forget about the people, who forgot about you.
Sit on the bank of a river and wait: Your enemy\'s corpse will soon float by.
It was a subtle refinement of God to learn Greek when he wished to write a book – and that he did not learn it better.
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterward.
When the missionaries came to Africa they had the Bible and we had the land. They said Let us pray. We closed our eyes. When we opened them we had the Bible and they had the land.
If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need.
We fully support the strikes against terrorist targets, not against the country, not against the culture, not against a religion, but against an enemy of them all.
I miss everything about Chicago, except January and February.
Of all the anti-social vested interests the worst is the vested interest in ill-health.
It is one thing to learn about the past; it is another to wallow in it.
Charm is a product of the unexpected.
Backward ran sentences until reeled the mind.
Grant that I may not pray alone with the mouth help me that I may pray from the depths of my heart.
When love begins to sicken and decay it uses an enforced ceremony. Julius Caesar
We are generally better persuaded by the reasons we discover ourselves than by those given to us by others.
Education is a better safeguard of liberty than a standing army.
All endings are also beginnings. We just dont know it at the time.
My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me.
Order is the sanity of the mind, the health of the body, the peace of the city, the security of the state. Like beams in a house or bones to a body, so is order to all things.
The brain is like a muscle. When it is in use we feel very good. Understanding is joyous.
Do not consider anything for your interest which makes you break your word, quit your modesty or inclines you to any practice which will not bear the light or look the world in the face.
It is not only fine feathers that make fine birds.
One thing you can give and still keep is your word.
Circumstances hell! I make circumstances!
I never had any classes or went to theatre school like a lot of actors, so all of my training has been on stage with different directors. That was a pretty good school room.
Just a few short years ago in the year 2000, the last full fiscal year of the Clinton administration, this country was running a surplus of $236 billion.
The martyr cannot be dishonored. Every lash inflicted is a tongue of fame; every prison a more illustrious abode.
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do well and doing well whatever you do without thought of fame.
Some of my best leading men have been dogs and horses.
Every generation needs a new revolution.
Diplomacy is to do and say the nastiest things in the nicest way.
Love is a perky elf dancing a merry little jig and then suddenly he turns on you with a miniature machine gun.
If a man\'s character is to be abused there\'s nobody like a relative to do the business.
In whatever position you find yourself determine first your objective.
For the Christian ignorance is not bliss it is negligence and carelessness. 
Consider how many do not even know your name, and how many will soon forget it, and how those who now praise you will presently blame you.
There are two freedoms - the false, where a man is free to do what he likes; the true, where he is free to do what he ought.
Simple things become complicated when you expect too much.
We cease loving ourselves if no one loves us.
Two kinds of men generally best succeed in political life; men of no principle, but of great talent; and men of no talent, but of one principle - that of obedience to their superiors.
But there are times in this harum-scarum world when figuring out the right thing to do is quite simple, but doing the right thing is simply impossible....
It is not possible to live in this age if you don\'t have a sense of many contradictory forces.
If I were to ask you for example right now to go back with me and define those moments in your life that shaped you as a person and you began to reexamine them, something would happen.
The French complain of everything, and always.
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place.
Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.
To bring up a child in the way he should go, travel that way yourself once in a while.
Government is actually the worst failure of civilized man. There has never been a really good one, and even those that are most tolerable are arbitrary, cruel, grasping and unintelligent.
The right of election is the very essence of the constitution.
And I find it very easy to memorize the scripts, which are so close to conversations my husband and I have.
The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of Hell, a hell of Heaven.
Whatever man uses without the fear of God, whatever he applies to the mere gratifying of his flesh, cannot fail to operate as a poison to the soul, however pleasant and salutary it may appear to be to the body.
HATES how guys and girls cant be friends without anyone thinking something else ...
Walt understood all of those things, and even common things about people. For instance: Usually you get your idea of what kind of day it is by looking at the horizon, because the horizon is your eye level. So what Walt did is to eliminate the horizon.
When the ivy has found its tower, when the delicate creeper has found its strong wall, we know how the parasite plants grow and prosper.
He that has done you a kindness will be more ready to do you another, than he whom you yourself have obliged.
Though the feeling has not passed sad to say our love did not
Forget about me, erase me, dont even think back. Because one day when you let your mind slip, youll remember me and realize that you should have held on.
I was always drawn to teachers who made class interesting. In high school, I enjoyed my American and English literature classes because my teachers, Jeanne Dorsey and Dani Barton, created an environment where interaction was important.
Too much agreement kills a chat.
I was taken in by the bravado and the sounds of Mexico... not so much the music, but the spirit.
Weather means more when you have a garden. There\'s nothing like listening to a shower and thinking how it is soaking in around your green beans.
The greenest home is the one you don\'t build. If you really want to save the Earth, move in with another family and share a house that\'s already built. Better yet, live in the forest and eat whatever the squirrels don\'t want.
There was a power outage at a department store yesterday. Twenty people were trapped on the escalators.
Problems only exist in the human mind.
I sang a song at my sister\'s wedding. My mother forced me into that, too. But that one felt all right.
In the broad earth of ours, Amid the measureless grossness and the slag,Enclosed and safe within its central heart,Nestles the seed perfection.
Habits are the daughters of action, but then they nurse their mother, and produce daughters after her image, but far more beautiful and prosperous.
An experiment disproving a prediction is a discovery.
The best revenge is massive success.
If one is not virtuous he becomes vicious.
The vine bears three kinds of grapes: the first of pleasure, the second of intoxication, the third of disgust.
After the horse dance was over, it seemed that I was above the ground and did not touch it when I walked.
Patriotism is usually stronger than class hatred, and always stronger than internationalism.
If we succeed in giving the love of learning, the learning itself is sure to follow.
Democracy is the menopause of Western society, the Grand Climacteric of the body social. Fascism is its middle-aged lust.
A gentleman is simply a patient wolf.
Kind words are worth much and they cost little.
To photograph truthfully and effectively is to see beneath the surfaces and record the qualities of nature and humanity which live or are latent in all things.
A burning desire is the greatest motivator of every human action. The desire for success implants success consciousness which, in turn, creates a vigorous and ever-increasing habit of success.
What you need to realize is, life is a journey, often difficult and sometimes incredibly cruel; but you are well equipped for it as long as you tap into your inner strength in the present, and allow it to flourish forward.
Listen before you talk, Think before you react, Earn before you spend and TRY before you quit.
Its better to enjoy life committing mistakes and learn......rather than play safe in your entire life and learn nothing at all.......
Art requires philosophy, just as philosophy requires art. Otherwise, what would become of beauty?
Among free men there can be no successful appeal from the ballot to the bullet.
How a society treats its disabled is the true measure of a civilization.
I never looked at the consequences of missing a big shot... when you think about the consequences you always think of a negative result.
Be like a postage stamp. Stick to one thing until you get there.
Nobody can be perfect unless he admits his faults, but if he has faults how can he be perfect?
Beauty connotes humanity. We call a natural object beautiful because we see that its form expresses fitness, the perfect fulfillment of function.
The digital camera is a great invention because it allows us to reminisce. Instantly.
People who work crossword puzzles know that if they stop making progress, they should put the puzzle down for a while.
Words are also actions, and actions are a kind of words.
A golf course is nothing but a pool room moved outdoors.
A revolution is not a bed of roses. A revolution is a struggle to the death between the future and the past.
As peace is the end of war, so to be idle is the ultimate purpose of the busy.
When you are happy you can forgive a great deal.
There have been many great musicians that, Clifford Brown is one great example, I mean he died very early, 25.
If we do not hang together, we shall surely hang separately.
Respect and affection for animals, particularly those who share our homes, recognize no geographic borders.
All I want and all I need is only YOU!
What experience and history teach is this--that people and governments never have learned anything from history, or acted on principles deduced from it.
Im tired of everyone telling me about their special person when I desperately want one of my own.
Hope is only the love of life. Happy Valentines Day
I cry out for order and find it only in art.
Someone on his status Sleeping ...since 3 Days! Hes Probably dead.
A liar should have a good memory.
How old would you be if you didn\'t know how old you are?
From the cradle to the coffin underwear comes first.
The road to excellence is always under construction
Whatever is funny is subversive, every joke is ultimately a custard pie... a dirty joke is a sort of mental rebellion.
My dad was such a bigot. He was a horrible, self-centred person. He was really racist and he\'d talk about the Jews and blacks and Catholics even.
Every man\'s life ends the same way. It is only the details of how he lived and how he died that distinguish one man from another.
Design is a plan for arranging elements in such a way as best to accomplish a particular purpose.
Fierce and poisonous animals were created for terrifying man, in order that he might be made aware of the final judgment in hell.
Pleasure for one hour, a bottle of wine. Pleasure for one year a marriage; but pleasure for a lifetime, a garden.
I brought myself down. I impeached myself by resigning.
An unfortunate thing about this world is that the good habits are much easier to give up than the bad ones.
Keep your mouth closed until your mind is in gear.
If you have a procedure with 10 parameters, you probably missed some.
Getting money is like digging with a needle, spending it is like water soaking into sand.
The beginnings and endings of all human undertakings are untidy.
I believe that a scientist looking at nonscientific problems is just as dumb as the next guy.
Love and the gentle heart are but the same thing.
The true aim of everyone who aspires to be a teacher should be, not to impart his own opinions, but to kindle minds.
I may be able to spot arrowheads on the desert but a refrigerator is a jungle in which I am easily lost.
You mean everything to me  I Love You  HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Have a day as special as you are!
You sparkle with larceny.
According to the scientific naturalist version of cosmic history, nature is a permanently closed system of material effects that can never be influenced by something from outside - like God, for example.
More than we use is more than we want.
Though ambition in itself is a vice, it often is also the parent of virtue.
We never reflect how pleasant it is to ask for nothing.
I told him there was one city that they must not bomb without my permission and that was Kyoto.
Unaware of the absurdity of it, we introduce our own petty household rules into the economy of the universe for which the life of generations, peoples, of entire planets, has no importance in relation to the general development.
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone.
Sometimes we feel the loss of a prejudice as a loss of vigor.
It serves notice that President Bush is serious about promoting freedom, because free societies are a lot more peaceable than dictatorships and monarchies.
Some for renown, on scraps of learning dote, And think they grow immortal as they quote.
All deception in the course of life is indeed nothing else but a lie reduced to practice, and falsehood passing from words into things.
Sincerity is impossible, unless it pervades the whole being, and the pretence of it saps the very foundation of character.
Set up the listening. Prepare who you are talking to for what you want them to hear. Get people to listen as a possibility rather than a problem.
Curiosity is as much the parent of attention, as attention is of memory.
A good character is the best tombstone. Those who loved you, and were helped by you, will remember you when forget-me-nots are withered. Carve your name on hearts, and not on marble.
Chance is a word devoid of sense, nothing can exist without a cause.
By all means use sometimes to be alone. Salute thyself; see what they soul doth wear.
Just let your skin breathe.
The best ad is a good product.
Change happens by listening and then starting a dialogue with the people who are doing something you don\'t believe is right.
A woman in agony of spirit might turn her head just so; a man in deep humiliation probably would wring his hands in such a way. From straws like these, drawn from completely different sources, the fabric of a character may be built.
Anticipate charity by preventing poverty.
That which is not, shall never be; that which is, shall never cease to be. To the wise, these truths are self-evident.
Man arrives as a novice at each age of his life.
This proves that great lyric poetry can die, be reborn, die again, but will always remain one of the most outstanding creations of the human soul.
Give me liberty or a bran muffin!
Whoever seeks to set one religion against another seeks to destroy all religion.
Gray hairs are signs of wisdom if you hold your tongue, speak and they are but hairs, as in the young.
I would rather entertain and hope that people learned something than educate people and hope they were entertained.
Happiness is beneficial for the body, but it is grief that develops the powers of the mind.
Let him who would move the world first move himself. 
Sound money is the sine qua non of a prosperous society.
The object of oratory alone in not truth, but persuasion.
The photographic image... is a message without a code.
The world is not dialectical -- it is sworn to extremes, not to equilibrium, sworn to radical antagonism, not to reconciliation or synthesis. This is also the principle of evil.
Somebody once said I had a face for radio and a voice for newspapers.
Leaders of men are later remembered less for the usefulness of what they have achieved than for the sweep of their endeavors.
Always remember your kid\'s name. Always remember where you put your kid. Don\'t let your kid drive until their feet can reach the pedals. Use the right size diapers... for yourself. And, when in doubt, make funny faces.
We all too often have socialism for the rich and rugged free market capitalism for the poor. 
On March 4th, 1830, I arrived in London, where a new world seemed opened to me.
I really enjoyed the last scene at the Ewok celebration after the battle.
Frustration despair angst anxiety hurt grief unhappiness envy jealousy and all the other painful emotions are catalysts of change in our lives. They motivate us to do things differently to change our status quo. 
No one has ever become poor by giving.
Technology is driving the innovation. Technology is driving the creativity. Technology and the use of that is going to determine our workers\' ability to compete in the 21st century global marketplace.
The past should be the past. It can destroy the future. Live life for what tomorrow has to offer, not for what yesterday has taken away.
If any question why we died, tell them, because our fathers lied.
In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don\'t try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
On a film, I was always acting. I was either changing my clothes really quickly and wiping off the lipstick and putting on the other lipstick and then working constantly, constantly.
We fear our passage will be attended with difficulties by reason of the great number of passingers which are one hundred and eighty and upwards in number.
Your Eyes Are As Blue As Window Cleaner.
There is no substitute for talent. Industry and all its virtues are of no avail.
The go-between wears out a thousand sandals.
Our faith is stronger than death, our philosophy is firmer than flesh, and the spread of the Kingdom of God upon the earth is more sublime and more compelling.
Well, dinner would have been splendid
Marriage is too interesting an experiment to be tried only once.
Generally speaking, if a human being never shows anger, then I think something\'s wrong. He\'s not right in the brain.
What, nephew, said the king, is the wind in that door?
Why grab possessions like thieves, or divide them like socialists when you can ignore them like wise men?
Astonishment is the root of philosophy.
Our being is subject to all the chances of life. There are so many things we are capable of, that we could be or do. The potentialities are so great that we never, any of us, are more than one-fourth fulfilled.
All we try and do is make the best films we can. If you do that then hopefully the audiences will come, and they have. Everything else is gravy.
I have a great mind to believe in Christianity for the mere pleasure of fancying I may be damned.
You create your own reality.
I am not an adventurer by choice but by fate.
If people never did silly things nothing intelligent would ever get done.
Sixty years ago I knew everything; now I know nothing; education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance.
It is not ease but effort, not facility but difficult, that makes man. There is perhaps no station in life in which difficulties do not have to be encountered and overcome before any decided means of success can be achieved.
In music the passions enjoy themselves.
The superiority of some men is merely local. They are great because their associates are little.
Sleeping is no mean art: for its sake one must stay awake all day.
But at any rate, the point is that God is what nobody admits to being, and everybody really is.
Once you take yourself too seriously the art will suffer.
Food has always brought me comfort and the bingeing is triggered when I\'m in a space that is not positive.
As the rich consume more and more, they are clearly not going to want to downgrade their own status.
It\'s a war of attrition. If you have patience and a modicum of faith in yourself your chances are not too bad.
We do have a zeal for laughter in most situations, give or take a dentist.
All wars come to an end, at least temporarily. But the authority acquired by the state hangs on; political power never abdicates.
I think we risk becoming the best informed society that has ever died of ignorance.
The worst thing about being famous is the invasion of your privacy.
A good deed never goes unpunished.
The rate at which a person can mature is directly proportional to the embarrassment he can tolerate.
I began drinking alcohol at the age of thirteen and gave it up in my fifty sixth year; it was like going straight from puberty to a mid-life crisis.
Satire lies about literary men while they live and eulogy lies about them when they die.
I have found no greater satisfaction than achieving success through honest dealing and strict adherence to the view that, for you to gain, those you deal with should gain as well.
You may not be perfect but you are perfect for me, and Im grateful to call you mine.
It is in our faults and failings, not in our virtues, that we touch each other, and find sympathy. It is in our follies that we are one.
The point I am making is that in the more primitive forms of society the individual is merely a unit; in more developed forms of society he is an independent personality.
I went to college and I never allowed myself to think for an instant that I would have this chance to do this.
Merit, however inconsiderable, should be sought for and rewarded. Methods are the master of masters.
There are no shortcuts in life - only those we imagine.
The greater person is one of courtesy.
If you want to understand today, you have to search yesterday.
Marry a mountain girl and you marry the whole mountain.
From a good book, I want to be taken to the very edge. I want a glimpse into that outer darkness.
You can tell a lot about a person from his underwear.
A whole stack of memories never equal one little hope.
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and a man.
No man really knows about other human beings. The best he can do is to suppose that they are like himself.
It is no good getting furious if you get stuck. What I do is keep thinking about the problem but work on something else. Sometimes it is years before I see the way forward. In the case of information loss and black holes, it was 29 years.
I watched Titanic when I got back home from the hospital, and cried. I knew that my IQ had been damaged.
Aggressive fighting for the right is the greatest sport in the world.
Guns will make us powerful; butter will only make us fat.
Through his mastery of storytelling techniques, he has managed to separate his character, in the public mind, from his actions as president. He has, in short, mesmerized us with that steady gaze.
Go, and never darken my towels again.
They teach anything in universities today. You can major in mud pies.
It is difficult to keep quiet if you have nothing to do.
It may be that the satisfaction I need depends on my going away, so that when I\'ve gone and come back, I\'ll find it at home.
What I like most about reading is I can read in minutes what it took the author hours to write. What I like most about writing is readers can read in minutes what it took me seconds to write.  
Now stiff on a pillar with a phallic air nelson stylites in Trafalgar square reminds the British what once they were.
Belief in a cruel God makes a cruel man.
You know, if I wrote the arrangements two years from now, they would probably be a lot slicker.
Who gives to me, teaches me to give.
Things do not grow better they remain as they are. It is we who grow better by the changes we make in ourselves. 
Measure three times before you cut once.
An Englishman, even if he is alone, forms an orderly queue of one.
Someday, I want to make everyone who has rejected me proud to be American & ashamed that they didn\'t give me a fair shot.
I don\'t make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts.
Politics is the skilled use of blunt objects.
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece.
Never stop because you are afraid - you are never so likely to be wrong.
There are seventy million books in American libraries, but the one you want is always out.
Lets flip a coin: Head? your mine  Tail? Im yours.
Watch your wedding video in reverse Youll love the part where you walk back down the easilyout the door into the car and bugger off with your mates
When you take things for granted, those things eventually get taken..
Kennedy cooked the soup that Johnson had to eat.
Everybody is improving but I am improving slowly, which seemingly widens our distance.
Who has a trade may go anywhere.
My dad has always been my coach. And I\'ve spent so much time with him. So he\'s one of my best friends. And I can talk to him about everything.
Unlaid eggs are a long time becoming chickens.
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it.
For me, the guitar synthesizer is a great writing instrument.
Representation of the world, like the world itself, is the work of men; they describe it from their own point of view, which they confuse with the absolute truth.
Before you speak ask yourself if what you are going to say is true, is kind, is necessary, is helpful. If the answer is no, maybe what you are about to say should be left unsaid.
The chains of habit are generally too weak to be felt, until they are too strong to be broken.
A politician is an ass upon which everyone has sat except a man.
God himself is not secure, having given man dominion over his work.
All of us are crazy in one way or another.
Money and success don\'t change people; they merely amplify what is already there.
To be rich nowadays merely means to possess a large number of poor objects.
The discontented man finds no easy chair.
If I can\'t get the girl, at least give me more money.
Earth and sky, woods and fields, lakes and rivers, the mountain and the sea, are excellent schoolmasters, and teach some of us more than we can ever learn from books.
Anything that just costs money is cheap.
We shall see, as the blind man said.
The only routine with me is no routine at all.
Attempt the impossible in order to improve your work.
Those hot pants of hers were so damned tight, I could hardly breathe.
Dreams are necessary to life.
If your heart is a volcano, how shall you expect flowers to bloom?
I refuse to spend my life worrying about what I eat. There is no pleasure worth forgoing just for an extra three years in the geriatric ward.
Both ardent lovers and austere scholars, when once they come to the years of discretion, love cats, so strong and gentle, the pride of the household, who like them are sensitive to the cold, and sedentary.
Who picks your clothes - Stevie Wonder?
Acting is a very limited form of expression and those who take it seriously are very limited people. I take it seriously.
To be fond of dancing was a certain step towards falling in love.
Ideas that enter the mind under fire remain there securely and for ever.
The world is governed more by appearances than by realities, so that it is fully as necessary to seem to know something as to know it.
There is never enough time to say our last word-the last word of our love, of our desire, faith, remorse, submission, revolt.
The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked; who can know it?
As long as a man stands in his own way, everything seems to be in his way.
Come children, let us shut up the box and the puppets, for our play is played out.
Thousands have lived without love, not one without water.
Apathy is one of the characteristic responses of any living organism when it is subjected to stimuli too intense or too complicated to cope with. The cure for apathy is comprehension.
Where there is a worker, there lies a nation.
There is one thing you have got to learn about our movement. Three people are better than no people.
Humanity has the stars in its future, and that future is too important to be lost under the burden of juvenile folly and ignorant superstition.
He who has made it a practice to lie and deceive his father, will be the most daring in deceiving others.
My bones are tired from all the tragedy in me.
Baseball is a game of inches.
you are one of the CUTEST persons in this world Just a second dont misunderstand me CUTE means Creating Useless Troubles.
An ounce of loyalty is worth a pound of cleverness.
Attribution is power.
Only in the darkness can you see the stars. 
It is a well-known fact that we always recognize our homeland when we are about to lose it.
The fool wanders, a wise man travels.
The desire for glory clings even to the best men longer than any other passion.
Jesus wept; Voltaire smiled. From that divine tear and from that human smile is derived the grace of present civilization.
The end was surely near. The Nazis killed you only when you were naked, because they knew, psychologically, that naked people never resist.
There is but one Church in which men find salvation, just as outside the ark of Noah it was not possible for anyone to be saved.
A great chef is an artist that I truly respect.
I know the difference between black magic and white magic.
Private information is practically the source of every large modern fortune.
Conceit may puff a man up, but can never prop him up.
The obligation of subjects to the sovereign is understood to last as long, and no longer, than the power lasteth by which he is able to protect them.
To be candid, in Middlemarch phraseology, meant, to use an early opportunity of letting your friends know that you did not take a cheerful view of their capacity, their conduct, or their position; and a robust candor never waited to be asked for its opinion.
Poverty is uncomfortable but nine times out of ten the best thing that can happen to a young man is to be tossed overboard and compelled to sink or swim.
There is nothing so much seduces reason from vigilance as the thought of passing life with an amiable woman in marriage.
The proper study of mankind is books.
The new information technology... Internet and e-mail... have practically eliminated the physical costs of communications.
All money means to me is a pride in accomplishment.
Rapidity does not always mean progress, and hurry is akin to waste. The old fable of the hare and the tortoise is just as good now, and just as true, as when it was first written.
In order to win, you must expect to win.
Fishing is boring, unless you catch an actual fish, and then it is disgusting.
A north wind has no corn, and a poor man no friend.
Human history is the sad result of each one looking out for himself.
Jesus picked up twelve men from the bottom ranks of business and forged them into an organisation that conquered the world.
If you want to make an audience laugh, you dress a man up like an old lady and push her down the stairs. If you want to make comedy writers laugh, you push an actual old lady down the stairs.
Once we know of atrocities we cannot remain silent, and knowledge inevitably leads to an urge to protect the innocent.
The nature of motion capture is only going to work for certain films. It\'s not going to put any other type of movies out of business.
The only safe thing is to take a chance.
Natural selection, as it has operated in human history, favors not only the clever but the murderous.
A cloudy day or a little sunshine have as great an influence on many constitutions as the most recent blessings or misfortunes.
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
Your strike will not win. You cannot be allowed to succeed.
The Bible tells us to be like God, and then on page after page it describes God as a mass murderer. This may be the single most important key to the political behavior of Western Civilization.
Thou seest I have more flesh than another man, and therefore more frailty.
Nobody believes a liar...even when he is telling the truth 
Moving on, is a simple thing, what it leaves behind is hard.
Raising children is an uncertain thing; success is reached only after a life of battle and worry.
Whether life is worth living depends on whether there is love in life.
Books should go where they will be most appreciated and not sit unread gathering dust on a forgotten shelf dont you agree 
The camera is my tool. Through it I give a reason to everything around me.
The people who want to stay in your life will always find a way.
Lawlessness is lawlessness. Anarchy is anarchy is anarchy. Neither race nor color nor frustration is an excuse for either lawlessness or anarchy.
Nor should we exclude the possibility that Islamic terrorism may begin to make common cause with Western political extremists of the far Left and far Right.
I vehemently deny that I was born a cynic and a pessimist.
Self-esteem and self-contempt have specific odors; they can be smelled.
You cannot make a socialist revolution without really trying.
In each of us there is a little of all of us.
We always believe our first love is our last, and our last love, our first.
A guilty conscience needs to confess. A work of art is a confession.
The habits of thinking in a free country should inspire caution in those intrusted with its administration to confine themselves within their respective constitutional spheres, avoiding in the exercise of the powers of one department, to encroach upon another.
The aim, if reached or not, makes great the life: Try to be Shakespeare, leave the rest to fate!
On the morrow the horizon was covered with clouds- a thick and impenetrable curtain between earth and sky, which unhappily extended as far as the Rocky Mountains. It was a fatality!
A true test of someones love is how they act when theyre stressed and not how much they love you when everythings goin good. 
Egotist. A person of low taste, more interested in himself than me.
Sectional football games have the glory and the despair of war, and when a Texas team takes the field against a foreign state, it is an army with banners.
Failures either do not know what they want, or jib at the price.
Always remember, you may not be able to reach whats in front of you, until you let go of whats behind you.
Sow to the wind and you will reap a whirlwind.
Owing to ignorance of the rope the rope appears to be a snake; owing to ignorance of the Self the transient state arises of the individualized, limited, phenomenal aspect of the Self.
There are only ten minutes in the life of a pear when it is perfect to eat.
If there is any larceny in a man, golf will bring it out.
When angry, count four. When very angry, swear.
Good actions ennoble us, and we are the sons of our own deeds.
Demand the ballot as the undeniable right of every man who is called to the poll, and take special care that the old constitutional rule and principle, by which majorities alone shall decide in Parliamentary elections, shall not be violated.
Sex is good, but not as good as fresh sweet corn.
I never deviated from my grim determination to someday have all the money I needed and wanted.
I see my body as an instrument, rather than an ornament.
Strengthen your beliefs and strive to move positively in a forward and more successful direction.
He was always late on principle, his principle being that punctuality is the thief of time.
Narcissist: psychoanalytic term for the person who loves himself more than his analyst; considered to be the manifestation of a dire mental disease whose successful treatment depends on the patient learning to love the analyst more and himself less.
There is no defense against a perfect pass. I can throw the perfect pass.
He who merely knows right principles is not equal to him who loves them.
No amount of ability is of the slightest avail without honor.
Dreams have only the pigmentation of fact.
Honor is simply the morality of superior men.
Teamwork is the quintessential contradiction of a society grounded in individual achievement.
Love has 4 letters, but so does hate; Truth has 5 letters, but so does lying; Friends has 7 letters, but so does enemies.
Weeping bride, laughing wife, laughing bride, weeping wife.
When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough.
Escape from the architecture ghetto is one of the major drivers and has been from the very beginning.
Citius, Altius, Fortius Faster, Higher, Stronger
I would like to learn, or remember, how to live.
He that lives upon hope will die fasting.
The end result of wisdom is... good deeds.
I never knew that one singe blade could mess up my life..
Apart from being Jennifer Lewis. The name pulls people in.
Nobody who cooks does it with full hair and makeup in front of a TV camera.
The sun, the moon and the stars would have disappeared long ago... had they happened to be within the reach of predatory human hands.
With freedom comes responsibility, and I can think of no responsibility greater than putting on a U.S military uniform and standing in the gap between an enemy threat and civilian life.
Life is like an elevator: on your way up, sometimes, you have to stop and let some people off.
Our political differences, now matter how sharply they are debated, are really quite narrow in comparison to the remarkably durable national consensus on our founding convictions.
Comedy makes the subversion of the existing state of affairs possible.
The words are meaningless except in terms of feeling. Does anyone act as the result of thought or does feeling stimulate action and sometimes thought implement it. 
In times of storm, the shallowness of the root structure is revealed.
Her body calculated to a millimeter to suggest a bud yet guarantee a flower.
The right of a nation to kill a tyrant in case of necessity can no more be doubted than to hang a robber, or kill a flea.
The essence of genius is to know what to overlook.
O man you are busy working for the world, and the world is busy trying to turn you out.
There is no abstract art. You must always start with something. Afterward you can remove all traces of reality.
The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.
Retirement is the ugliest word in the language.
Money is the sixth sense that makes it possible to enjoy the other five.
The criminal is the creative artist the detective only the critic. 
Bad conduct soils the finest ornament more than filth.
People wish to be settled. It is only as far as they are unsettled that there is any hope for them.
No man ever believes that the Bible means what it says: He is always convinced that it says what he means.
It is a tremendous act of violence to begin anything. I am not able to begin. I simply skip what should be the beginning.
The leader has to be practical and a realist, yet must talk the language of the visionary and the idealist.
Rome has grown since its humble beginnings that it is now overwhelmed by its own greatness.
Single women have a dreadful propensity for being poor. Which is one very strong argument in favor of matrimony.
A good composer does not imitate; he steals.
Sometimes what you want is not what you get but in the end, what you get is so much better than what you wanted.
I know that Im in love with you. Because I see the world in your eyes and your eyes everywhere in the world.
Your body is a machine. Learn the right way to take care of it.
Beauty is an ecstasy it is as simple as hunger. There is really nothing to be said about it. It is like the perfume of a rose: you can smell it and that is all.
The best government is a benevolent tyranny tempered by an occasional assassination.
No man needs sympathy because he has to work. Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.
When my mother was born on 14 April, he named her after a Latin American holiday, the Day of Americas, that nobody knew about. My due date also happened to be 14 April.
All I could do was to offer you an opinion upon one minor point
As a twig is bent the tree inclines.
We can trust our doctors to be professional, to minister equally to their patients without regard to their political or religious beliefs. But we can no longer trust our professors to do the same.
Only where children gather is there any real chance of fun.
Power is not revealed by striking hard or often, but by striking true.
Truth is always the strongest argument.
When I first left Iran at the age of 13, Iran had become such a shining star - it was the point to which all my desires and dreams returned.
I have thought about it a great deal, and the more I think, the more certain I am that obedience is the gateway through which knowledge, yes, and love, too, enter the mind of the child.
It is not enough to conquer; one must learn to seduce.
Anyone can be passionate, but it takes real lovers to be silly.
In nature we never see anything isolated, but everything in connection with something else which is before it, beside it, under it and over it.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
I try to avoid having thoughts. They lead to other thoughts andif youre not carefulthose lead to actions. Actions make you tired. I have this on rather good authority from someone who once read it in a book. 
In a world where everything is ridiculous, nothing can be ridiculed. You cannot unmask a mask.
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
Avarice is the vice of declining years.
What we call public opinion is generally public sentiment.
Never keep up with the Joneses. Drag them down to your level.
The greatest joy of a thinking man is to have searched the explored and to quietly revere the unexplored.
If we do not step forward, then we step back. If we do not protect a right, then we deny it.
Hair is another name for sex.
Gain may be temporary and uncertain; but ever while you live, expense is constant and certain: and it is easier to build two chimneys than to keep one in fuel.
Never lose sight of the fact that the most important yardstick of your success will be how you treat other people - your family, friends, and coworkers, and even strangers you meet along the way.
A negotiator should observe everything. You must be part Sherlock Holmes, part Sigmund Freud.
No one can find inner peace except by working, not in a self- centered way, but for the whole human family.
I no more thought of style or literary excellence than the mother who rushes into the street and cries for help to save her children from a burning house, thinks of the teachings of the rhetorician or the elocutionist.
Never surrender opportunity for security.
One man with courage makes a majority.
I believe that the only way that the human race is gonna survive is to start colonizing space and setting up colonies on the moon, and then space stations.
We Americans entered a new phase in our history - the era of integration - in 1954.
The real fact is that I could no longer stand their eternal cold mutton.
We kiss and it feels like we have just shrugged off the world.
The path of least resistance and least trouble is a mental rut already made. It requires troublesome work to undertake the alternation of old beliefs.
Forgiveness is the economy of the heart... forgiveness saves the expense of anger, the cost of hatred, the waste of spirits.
The spirit of moderation should also be the spirit of the lawgiver.
In a serious struggle there is no worse cruelty than to be magnanimous at an inopportune time.
Words like freedom, justice, democracy are not common concepts; on the contrary, they are rare. People are not born knowing what these are. It takes enormous and, above all, individual effort to arrive at the respect for other people that these words imply.
You can\'t make up anything anymore. The world itself is a satire. All you\'re doing is recording it.
Jews who long have drifted from the faith of their fathers are stirred in their inmost parts when the old, familiar Passover sounds chance to fall upon their ears.
When fortune smiles, what need of friends?
Which government is the best? The one that teaches us to govern ourselves.
Courtrooms contain every symbol of authority that a set designer could imagine. Everyone stands up when you come in. You wear a costume identifying you as, if not quite divine, someone special.
When you\'re not concerned with succeeding, you can work with complete freedom.
No one can persuade another to change. Each of us guards a gate of change that can only be opened from the inside. We cannot open the gate of another, either by argument or emotional appeal.
He who slings mud generally loses ground.
A thief passes for a gentleman when stealing has made him rich.
I like a girl to look relaxed. Tight jeans and rock t-shirts are cute!
We should weep for men at their birth, not at their death.
Some people follow their dreams, others hunt them down and beat them mercilessly into submission.
A tyrant is the worst disease, and the cause of all others.
Conforming is not cool.
The only person in this world I trust is myself. And even hes questionable at times.
If pregnancy were a book they would cut the last two chapters.
Wisdom stands at the turn in the road and calls upon us publicly, but we consider it false and despise its adherents.
I\'m creating the kind of games that I like right now. I\'m not being held back by technology.
I focus on the writing and let the rest of the process take care of itself. I\'ve learned to trust my own instincts and I\'ve also learned to take risks.
I have always believed that there is a need for life-affirming films.
Great companies start because the founders want to change the world... not make a fast buck.
All the rights secured to the citizens under the Constitution are worth nothing, and a mere bubble, except guaranteed to them by an independent and virtuous Judiciary.
The genre of fantasy is about magic and occult characters.
When science, art, literature, and philosophy are simply the manifestation of personality they are on a level where glorious and dazzling achievements are possible, which can make a man\'s name live for thousands of years.
Men often bear little grievances with less courage than they do large misfortunes.
No way did I ever think I was going to win the 100m.
Hell is full of musical amateurs: music is the brandy of the damned.
Happiness is spiritual, born of truth and love. It is unselfish; therefore it cannot exist alone, but requires all mankind to share it.
There are no menial jobs, only menial attitudes.
Had I not sinned what would there be for you to pardon. My fate has given you the opportunity for mercy.
Reason should direct and appetite obey.
Honesty is the best policy - when there is money in it.
Nowadays, the process of growth and development almost never seems to manage to create this subtle balance between the importance of the individual parts, and the coherence of the environment as a whole. One or the other always dominates.
The ultimate touchstone of constitutionality is the Constitution itself and not what we have said about it.
The human contribution is the essential ingredient. It is only in the giving of oneself to others that we truly live.
Though an old man I am but a young gardener.
You learn how to be a gracious winner and an outstanding loser.
Our people are good people our people are kind people. Pray God some day kind people wont all be poor. 
Death unites as well as separates it silences all paltry feeling.
Sometimes you would need to be a blind person to really see.
Turning the Internet over to the U.N. or some other phony international organization would be a disaster, and I am not willing to stand by and let it happen.
Committing a great truth to memory is admirable; committing it to life is wisdom.
I think the worst thing you can do about a situation is nothing.
I believe that I am in hell, therefore I am there.
I should have been trying to build a career, rather than leaving it in the hands of somebody else.
Slums may well be breeding-grounds of crime, but middle-class suburbs are incubators of apathy and delirium.
We live in the mind, in ideas, in fragments. We no longer drink in the wild outer music of the streets - we remember only.
Statistics likelihoods and probabilities mean everything to men nothing to God. 
I think its cute when you know that someone is making an effort to make you smile.
I stand for freedom of expression, doing what you believe in, and going after your dreams.
He who lives without folly is not as wise as he may think.
Where secrecy reigns, carelessness and ignorance delight to hide while skill loves the light.
In comic strips, the person on the left always speaks first.
He knows so little and knows it so fluently.
Without education we are in a horrible and deadly danger of taking educated people seriously.
Happiness is when what you think what you say and what you do are in harmony.
Sometimes you tell someone to never call you again and then the phone rings and you hope its them . Its the most twisted logic of all time.
Regardless of what we do, our karma has no hold on us.
In love the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two.
Genius always gives its best at first; prudence, at last.
I like cluttered, old, dark-wood antiques. I like character.
It was a pleasant caf
So I\'m not worried about the emotions I carry with me, because I\'m happy that I have them; I think it\'s good for the work I do. The emotions that are not healthy are the ones you hold inside, like anger.
Success or failure is often determined on the drawing board.
With the exception of certain rodents, no other vertebrate except Homo sapiens habitually destroys members of his own species.
Boston is known for its innovation.
From this point forth, we shall be leaving the firm foundation of fact and journeying together through the murky marshes of memory into thickets of wildest guesswork.
The pages and the words are my world spread out before your eyes and for your hand to touch. Vaguely I can see you face looking down into me as I look back. Do you see my eyes 
Every girl on TV, in real life, sure you want to meet that soul mate and fall in love and have the big thing, but until that happens, you gotta kiss a lot of frogs.
We love but once, for once only are we perfectly equipped for loving.
Certain flaws are necessary for the whole. It would seem strange if old friends lacked certain quirks.
Love is not having someone give you the world. Love is creating a whole new world together.
All of our relationships are based on self-interest, discrimination and a perverse need for gain.
It is never safe to look into the future with eyes of fear.
Smokers, male and female, inject and excuse idleness in their lives every time they light a cigarette.
I was born and raised in the South, which is pretty conservative.
Give them pleasure - the same pleasure they have when they wake up from a nightmare.
The People Who Have The Biggest Impact On Your Life Stay For The Shortest Time
A Smile is the best one which is on others face but created by YOU!
There is no better way of exercising the imagination than the study of law. No poet ever interpreted nature as freely as a lawyer interprets the truth.
The main essentials of a successful prime minister are sleep and a sense of history.
The less you know, the more you believe.
Advertising is a business of words, but advertising agencies are infested with men and women who cannot write. They cannot write advertisements, and they cannot write plans. They are helpless as deaf mutes on the stage of the Metropolitan Opera.
Every writer creates his own precursors. His work modifies our conception of the past, as it will modify the future.
A spirit in my feet said go, and I went.
Love the moment and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries.
My toughest fight was with my first wife.
I personally believe that any country that has a nuclear program should conform to international regulations and should have international regulatory bodies that check to make sure that any nuclear program moves in the right direction.
The real acid test of courage is to be just your honest self when everybody is trying to be like somebody else.
With respect to the respective French and German traditions you are no doubt correct, although I am reluctant to see individual achievement reduced to archetypes.
Trust is like an eraser. It gets smaller with every mistake you make.
Beware lest you lose the substance by grasping at the shadow.
If the headache would only precede the intoxication, alcoholism would be a virtue.
Fame is like a river that beareth up things light and swollen, and drowns things weighty and solid.
It is only in the light of the inescapable fact of death that a person can adequately engage and enter upon the mysterious fact of life.
We journalists make it a point to know very little about an extremely wide variety of topics; this is how we stay objective.
Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
What is without periods of rest will not endure.
We may find in the long run that tinned food is a deadlier weapon than the machine-gun.
The men who succeed best in public life are those who take the risk of standing by their own convictions.
A wise unselfishness is not a surrender of yourself to the wishes of anyone, but only to the best discoverable course of action.
It is the destiny of the people of Haiti to suffer.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
The worst person to be around is one who complains about everything and appreciates nothing.
Wit ought to be a glorious treat like caviar; never spread it about like marmalade.
Adolescents are not monsters. They are just people trying to learn how to make it among the adults in the world, who are probably not so sure themselves.
Philanthropy [has become] simply the refuge of people who wish to annoy their fellow creatures.
I have brought myself, by long meditation, to the conviction that a human being with a settled purpose must accomplish it, and that nothing can resist a will which will stake even existence upon its fulfillment.
Anger is one letter short of danger, Greatest remedy for anger is delay
It is requisite the government be so constituted as one man need not be afraid of another.
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.
I have found that if you love life, life will love you always.
Never regret something that made you smile
Beware, so long as you live, of judging men by their outward appearance.
Tolerance - the function of an extinguished ardor - tolerance cannot seduce the young.
The source of all life and knowledge is in man and woman, and the source of all living is in the interchange and the meeting and mingling of these two: man-life and woman-life, man-knowledge and woman-knowledge, man-being and woman-being.
To save a man and thereby to spare a fathers agony and a mothers feelings is not to do a noble deed it is but an act of humanity. 
What a man is ashamed of is always at bottom himself; and he is ashamed of himself at bottom always for being afraid.
I protect my skin with sunscreen and am religious about keeping my face moisturized and properly protected all day, so I also use a face lotion with SPF 30.
Life is so ironic. It takes sadness to know what happiness is, noice to appreciate silence & absence to value presence.
We are all mortal until the first kiss and the second glass of wine.
We have more patents on pigmented inks than anybody else.
Never bend your head. Hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye.
Many people are capable of doing a wise thing, more a cunning thing, but very few a generous thing.
I want to describe the psychological state of the people in a certain city.
America is never wholly herself unless she is engaged in high moral principle. We as a people have such a purpose today. It is to make kinder the face of the nation and gentler the face of the world.
Orwell is almost our litmus test. Some of his satirical writing looks like reality these days.
I could have been known for something terrible.
God made me fast. And when I run, I feel His pleasure.
Unless a man has been taught what to do with success after getting it, the achievement of it must inevitably leave him prey to boredom.
The mark of our time is its revulsion against imposed patterns.
If you are to reach masses of people in this world, you must do it by a sign language. Whether your vehicle be commerce, literature, or politics, you can do nothing but raise signals, and make motions to the people.
The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness.
Lust and greed are more gullible than innocence.
At the time, my life just seemed too complete, and maybe we have to break everything to make something better out of ourselves.
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy.
Dance like no one is watching; and love like it will never hurt.
What do I do when I see someone extremely gorgeous? I stare, I smile and when I get tired I put the mirror down.
I literally felt like a freak, which is another aspect of the role of Sally that I relate to: total outsider.
It\'s the best thing ever - I love being a mom. This is my only child. My career was a priority earlier in my life, but now my son is definitely the priority.
If a man sits down to think, he is immediately asked if has a headache.
Simplicity is the seal of truth.
What is morality in any given time or place? It is what the majority then and there happen to like, and immorality is what they dislike.
If somebody comes to a neighborhood coffee hour, or goes to a discussion group, and they have a discussion, I do think that people really walk away with a real understanding of the issues.
Rather, it is through conciliation and compromise that we are building a fair Iraq, a just state for all its peoples.
Instruction does much, but encouragement does everything.
Love is missing someone whenever youre apart, but somehow feeling warm inside because youre close in heart.?
Unless we form the habit of going to the Bible in bright moments as well as in trouble, we cannot fully respond to its consolations because we lack equilibrium between light and darkness.
In our age there is no such thing as \'keeping out of politics.\' All issues are political issues, and politics itself is a mass of lies, evasions, folly, hatred and schizophrenia.
Every time I went on stage I was so terrified I almost threw up.
The role of the federal government should be neutral toward culture just as it is toward religion.
Dont look down on people. Dont look up to people. Just keep looking ahead and youll be alright.
Nothing purchased can come close to the renewed sense of gratitude for having family and friends.
It is only in our decisions that we are important.
I wanted to write and direct movies and not be forced to adapt them from a bestselling book.
Let a salad-maker be a spendthrift for oil, a miser for vinegar, a statesman for salt, and a madman for mixing.
Life is short, and it is here to be lived.
How sweet it is!
Much remains to conquer still; peace hath her victories no less renowned than war.
I wonder what it feels like, to have people you can call any time, anywhere to talk about anything.
You know, even I have had work or ideas come through me from a source that I honestly cannot identify. And what is that thing? And how are we to relate to it in a way that will not make us lose our minds, but, in fact, might actually keep us sane?
Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your good health has vanished.
Be curious always! For knowledge will not acquire you: you must acquire it.
A lazy person, whatever the talents with which he set out, will have condemned himself to second-hand thoughts and to second-rate friends.
Nothing strengthens the judgment and quickens the conscience like individual responsibility.
In science read the newest works, in literature read the oldest.
My car and my adding machine understand nothing: they are not in that line of business.
Past failures are guideposts to success.
I think there is choice possible to us at any moment, as long as we live. But there is no sacrifice. There is a choice, and the rest falls away. Second choice does not exist. Beware of those who talk about sacrifice.
I believe in love and marriage but not necessarily with the same person.
If the white man wants to live in peace with the Indian he can live in peace.
Make no judgements where you have no compassion.
And then, build a bustling wonderful city of the 21st century, with a restoration of a spectacular skyline, which Manhattan, of course, needs. So, that is really the design as a whole.
An angel has no memory.
The early American arrived at a land of which he knew nothing.
I appreciate what I have a lot more than I did when I was younger.
Good things happen when you get your priorities straight.
Quiet the mind and the soul will speak. 
Hard workers are usually honest; industry lifts them above temptation.
The lofty pine is oftenest shaken by the winds; High towers fall with a heavier crash; And the lightning strikes the highest mountain.
I think it\'s quite extraordinary that people cast me as if I\'m Warren Beatty: until I met my present wife, at the age of 35, you could name two girlfriends.
Documents create a paper reality we call proof.
Do the thing we fear, and the death of fear is certain.
Antiquities are history defaced, or some remnants of history which have casually escaped the shipwreck of time.
First of all my real full name is Lloyd Vernet Bridges III.
Many mathematicians derive part of their self-esteem by feeling themselves the proud heirs of a long tradition of rational thinking; I am afraid they idealize their cultural ancestors.
We are all ready to be savage in some cause. The difference between a good man and a bad one is the choice of the cause.
Wickedness is a myth invented by good people to account for the curious attraction of others.
Doubt begins only at the last frontiers of what is possible.
A person true colours will always show within time. You may be fooled for the moment, but be patient and see what happens.
If today was perfect there would be no need for tomorrow.
I never saw an oft-removed tree, Nor yet an oft-removed family, That throve so well as one that settled be.
It was times like these when I thought my father, who hated guns and had never been to any wars, was the bravest man who ever lived.
News is the first rough draft of history.
Beauty and the devil are the same thing.
The word-coining genius, as if thought plunged into a sea of words and came up dripping.
I am not bisexual. I am not gay. I have never had sex with men.
The liveliness of literature lies in its exceptionality, in being the individual, idiosyncratic vision of one human being, in which, to our delight and great surprise, we may find our own vision reflected.
Art and Religion are, then, two roads by which men escape from circumstance to ecstasy. Between aesthetic and religious rapture there is a family alliance. Art and Religion are means to similar states of mind.
Happy Birthday to one of the few people whose birthday I can remember without a Facebook reminder.
what comes easy wont always last.and what will last wont always come easy!
If wishes come in rainbow colors then I would send the brightest one to say Happy Holi.
Genuine happiness can only be achieved when we transform our way of life from the unthinking pursuit of pleasure to one committed to enriching our inner lives, when we focus on \'being more\' rather than simply having more.
Perhaps in time the so-called Dark Ages will be thought of as including our own.
The fact that the talk may be boring or turgid or uninspiring should not cause us to forget the fact that it is preferable to war.
Whoever invented the meeting must have had Hollywood in mind. I think they should consider giving Oscars for meetings: Best Meeting of the Year, Best Supporting Meeting, Best Meeting Based on Material from Another Meeting.
No man can taste the fruits of autumn while he is delighting his scent with the flowers of spring.
You -- poor and obscure, and small and plain as you are -- I entreat to accept me as a husband.
It is said that power corrupts, but actually it\'s more true that power attracts the corruptible. The sane are usually attracted by other things than power.
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
We are all hungry and thirsty for concrete images. Abstract art will have been good for one thing: to restore its exact virginity to figurative art.
If you are determined enough and willing to pay the price, you can get it done.
It is easier to write a mediocre poem than to understand a good one.
He is the best physician who is the most ingenious inspirer of hope.
Remember that your greatest talent is so much more powerful than your biggest fear.
The more stitches, the less riches.
Nothing is more simple than greatness; indeed, to be simple is to be great.
We are all living inside a box and we get our information from a box. The box is not real, but we are.
So from this time of peak every people or every organization that goes against the Unification Church will gradually come down or drastically come down and die. Many people will die - those who go against our movement.
I have always believed that astrophysics should be the extrapolation of laboratory physics, that we must begin from the present universe and work our way backward to progressively more remote and uncertain epochs.
The only reason people hold onto memories so tight is because memories are the only things that dont change, even when everybody else does.
there is a time in everybodys life when you have to stop being scared and say what you want & need cause holding back only leaves you with regret & unhappiness!
Any American who is prepared to run for president should automatically, by definition, be disqualified from ever doing so.
Life is a lively process of becoming.
Vegetables are interesting but lack a sense of purpose when unaccompanied by a good cut of meat.
Life is a horizontal fall.
The burden one likes is cheerfully carried.
Inequality is as dear to the American heart as liberty itself.
The way of the world is, to praise dead saints, and persecute living ones.
But we will lose the millions of records being created daily in a dizzying array of electronic forms unless we find a way to preserve and keep them accessible indefinitely.
There is certainly no absolute standard of beauty. That precisely is what makes its pursuit so interesting.
We discussed buying a defender. The view was the priority at that time given the way we were playing was that we needed support up front and that is why we bought Louis Saha.
I had no choice in the decision to make myself available. I was not always doing things I wanted to do.
I am persuaded that foolish writers and foolish readers are created for each other; and that fortune provides readers as she does mates for ugly women.
I think serving your government is the greatest thing in the world.
Its A Golden Jar To Collect Sweet Moments of Ur Life !
Who can refute a sneer?
The media is the right arm of anarchy. 
If you play bridge badly you make your partner suffer, but if you play poker badly you make everybody happy.
The most important things are the hardest things to say. They are the things you get ashamed of because words diminish your feelings - words shrink things that seem timeless when they are in your head to no more than living size when they are brought out.
The middle of the road is for yellow lines and dead armadillos.
This...is an age of specialization, and in such an age the repertory theater is an anachronism, a ludicrous anachronism.
That is, while we believe that cost-benefit analysis is an important tool to inform agency decision making, the results of the cost-benefit analysis do not trump existing law.
The system becomes logically closed when each of the logical implications which can be derived from any one proposition within the system finds its statement in another proposition in the same system.
I said there was a society of men among us, bred up from their youth in the art of proving by words multiplied for the purpose, that white is black, and black is white, according as they are paid. To this society all the rest of the people are as slaves.
Lycurgus, Numa, Moses, Jesus Christ, Mohammed, all these great rogues, all these great thought-tyrants, knew how to associate the divinities they fabricated with their own boundless ambition.
Every revolution has its counterrevolution - that is a sign the revolution is for real.
I believe in trusting men, not only once but twice - in giving a failure another chance.
In time of danger it is proper to be alarmed until danger be near at hand; but when we perceive that danger is near, we should oppose it as if we were not afraid.
Love reckons hours for months, and days for years; And every little absence is an age
My life is an indivisible whole, and all my attitudes run into one another; and they all have their rise in my insatiable love for mankind.
At first, I am giving energy to the creation, but later the creation seems to be giving energy to me.
Every season is likeable, and wet days and fine, red wine and white, company and solitude. Even sleep, that deplorable curtailment of the joy of life, can be full of dreams; and the most common actions
There is a difference between being listened to and being heard.
Fan is changed to ac radio is changed to tv cassette to CD lover to wife but, do you know any option to change a friend ?
Catch, then, O catch the transient hour; Improve each moment as it flies!
You look up when you wish to be exalted. And I look down because I am exalted. 
The good thing about listening to a new song is that it doesnt remind you of anyone. :)
We all end up in a single bed sooner or later.
No wise man can have a contempt for the prejudices of others; and he should even stand in a certain awe of his own, as if they were aged parents and monitors. They may in the end prove wiser than he.
Good satire comes from anger. It comes from a sense of injustice, that there are wrongs in the world that need to be fixed. And what better place to get that well of venom and outrage boiling than a newsroom, because you\'re on the front lines.
The problems of puzzles are very near the problems of life.
Your hands, your eyes, your voice, your thoughts are your servants.
Treat everyone you meet like you want to be treated.
Wishing you and your loved ones peace, health, happiness and prosperity.
Music is spiritual. The music business is not.
How can you be content to be in the world like tulips in a garden, to make a fine show, and be good for nothing.
I have a very deep and wide relationship with my fans.
Even at an early age, I rebelled against my strict upbringing. When I was 9, I built myself a make-out fort in our backyard from wood, filled it with candy, and invited my blond, blue-eyed neighbor over to kiss.
Make my enemy brave and strong, so that if defeated, I will not be ashamed.
Eternity! thou pleasing, dreadful thought.
Painting from nature is not copying the object; it is realizing one\'s sensations.
I haven\'t been very active in politics.
Cheerfulness is the best promoter of health and is as friendly to the mind as to the body.
Every time I create an appointment, I create a hundred malcontents and one ingrate.
Be careful the ones that make you smile are the same ones that can shatter your heart
The execution of the laws is more important than the making of them.
True love is not love at first sight but love at every sight.
Happiness is a journey, not a destination
I am only an average man but, by George, I work harder at it than the average man.
The best way to convince a fool that he is wrong is to let him have his own way.
The more laws, the more offenders.
My heart sank and then plopped back up, made its way up my throat and I had to swallow with much force to keep it from falling out of my mouth while allowing my words an escape.
We are in danger of making our cities places where business goes on but where life, in its real sense, is lost.
Life is neither a good nor an evil, but simply the scene of good and evil.
It is no crime not to be perfect
Two kinds of blindness are easily combined so that those who do not see really appear to see what is not.
All of the changes in publishing since 1960 are significant. There are far fewer publishers.
He who sleeps in continual noise is wakened by silence.
A man asks a trainer in the gym: I want 2 impress that beautiful girl , which machine can I use? Trainer replies: Use the ATM
The educated differ from the uneducated as much as the living from the dead.
Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself. Being true to anyone else or anything else is not only impossible, but the mark of a fake messiah.
Never confuse motion with action.
I will love you forever whatever happens. Till I die and after I die and when I find my way out of the land of the dead Ill drift about forever all my atoms till I find you again . . . 
Without language thought is a vague uncharted nebula. 
One column of truth cannot hold an institution of ideas from falling into ignorance. It is wiser that a person of prudence and purpose save his strength for battles that can be won.
In all evils which admits a remedy, impatience should be avoided, because it wastes the time and attention in complaints which, if properly applied, might remove the cause.
Feeling sorry for yourself and your present condition is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have.
A foolish woman is known by her finery.
Let them hate me, provided they respect my conduct.
This liberty will look easy by and by when nobody dies to get it.
In jazz, you listen to what the bass player is doing and what the drummer is doing, what the pianist and the guitarist is doing, and then you play something that compliments that, so you are thinking simultaneously and thinking ahead.
Expectation is the mother of all frustration.
Making peace is harder than making war.
Force works on servile natures, not the free.
To make the most of your money, I recommend sticking with mutual funds that don\'t charge a commission when you buy or sell.
Have no fear of moving into the unknown. Simply step out fearlessly knowing that I am with you, therefore no harm can befall you; all is very, very well. Do this in complete faith and confidence.
Accept life, and you must accept regret.
The highest form of human intelligence is to observe yourself without judgement. 
Love is not a union merely between two creatures, it is a union between two spirits.
Education is a vacine for violence.
In some sort of crude sense, which no vulgarity, no humor, no overstatement can quite extinguish, the physicists have known sin; and this is a knowledge which they cannot lose.
How it hurts me to know that I will never be able to give you everything I have.
Its not the presents that make Christmas so special, its the presence of those you love, whether they are with you in person, or spirit.
If you live according to the dictates of nature, you will never be poor; if according to the notions of man, you will never be rich.
Space is the stature of God.
The fundamental principle of human action ... is that men seek to gratify their desires with the least exertion.
Poverty of goods is easily cured; poverty of the mind is irreparable.
I hate the industry even more now, no bands get nurtured anymore. Labels only spend money promoting acts they know will be Top Ten. I find it offensive spending $2 million on a video.
Every day I shall put my papers in order and every day I shall say farewell. And the real farewell, when it comes, will only be a small outward confirmation of what has been accomplished within me from day to day.
Abstainer: A weak person who yields to the temptation of denying himself a pleasure.
We need to find the courage to say no to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity.
Surround?yourself with people who make you a better person and not a bitter person.
I shall earnestly and persistently continue to urge all women to the practical recognition of the old Revolutionary maxim. Resistance to tyranny is obedience to God.
The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read.
Tolok ukur manusia berbeda dari Allah.  Manusia melihat yang didepan sedangkan Allah melihat jauh kedalam hati manusia.  Sebagai perancang kita, DIA lebih tau apa yang terbaik bagi kita ciptaanNya
Everyone pushes a falling fence.
Do unto yourself as your neighbors do unto themselves and look pleasant.
The highest use of capital is not to make more money, but to make money do more for the betterment of life.
Know ye not that they which run in a race run all, but that one receiveth the prize? So run, that ye may obtain.
People who wait for changes to occur on the outside before they commit to making changes on the inside will never make any changes at all.
The more you find out about the world, the more opportunities there are to laugh at it.
Dont be so happy, I dont really forgive people, I just pretend like its ok and wait for my turn to destroy them.
Turn on the prudent ant thy heedful eyes. Observe her labors, sluggard, and be wise.
No one ever lacks a good reason for suicide.
Time scoots along pretty fast when you grow up.
There is nothing wrong with change, if it is in the right direction.
She learned to say things with her eyes that others waste time putting into words
The length of your education is less important than its breadth, and the length of your life is less important than its depth.
The secret of improved plant breeding, apart from scientific knowledge, is love.
Hear me, my chiefs! I am tired. My heart is sick and sad. From where the sun now stands, I will fight no more forever.
Only free people can hold their purpose and their honor steady to a common end, and prefer the interests of mankind to any narrow interest of their own.
But the law of God came from heaven indeed. God wrote it with his finger, it is the fountain of all wisdom, and therefore shall it continue for ever, and never have an end.
The best way to procure insults is to submit to them.
Him who errs, forgive once, but never twice.
It is always better to be slightly underdressed.
Our fans want us to be happy and if that means being married or having a girlfriend, they are okay with that. Of course, in this industry it is a bit harder to have normal relationships, but it is possible.
When a man laughs at his troubles he loses a great many friends. They never forgive the loss of their prerogative.
A deck of cards is built like the purest of hierarchies, with every card a master to those below it, a lackey to those above it.
I did know Ted Hughes and I partly wrote the book to explain to myself and others the complexities of a marriage that was for six years wonderfully productive of poetry and then ended in tragedy.
We make war that we may live in peace.
Men are more accountable for their motives, than for anything else; and primarily, morality consists in the motives, that is in the affections.
Never assume that someone likes you by their sweetness. Sometimes you are just an option when they are bored.
Mom always tells me to celebrate everyone\'s uniqueness. I like the way that sounds.
Prejudices, it is well known, are most difficult to eradicate from the heart whose soil has never been loosened or fertilized by education; they grow firm there, firm as weeds among stones.
The one thing that can solve most of our problems is dancing.
There are three things which make a nation great and prosperous-a fertile soil, busy workshops, and easy conveyance for men and commodities.
This is the final test of a gentleman; his respect for those who can be of no possible service to him.
If we gave up eating beef we would have roughly 20 to 30 times more land for food than we have now.
I say what I think and do what I say
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you.
Life is a heart attack.. Love is a medicine.. Lover is a treatment.. But, friend is a doctor.. How are you ? My lovable doctor..
Scoops of mint ice cream with chips of chocolate cows.
Verse, singing, and speech have a common origin.
We are conscious that religions cannot solve the economic, political and social problems of this earth.
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
And the high destiny of the individual is to serve rather than to rule, or to impose himself in any other way.
What MOM stands for?, Its Made For Money(MoM)
There is only one terminal dignity -- love.
Success demands singleness of purpose.
The overwhelming triumph of the international multimedia conglomerate has resulted in less diversity within the field and has made it much harder for newer writers not only to break in, but to make any kind of a living while doing so.
To him whose elastic and vigorous thought keeps pace with the sun, the day is a perpetual morning.
If you would lift me up you must be on higher ground.
Further, not only the United States, but the French, British, Germans and the United Nations all thought Hussein possessed weapons of mass destruction before the United States intervened.
A genius always presents himself as a fool
Never trust the teller, trust the tale.
I called the New World into existence, to redress the balance of the Old.
And then that smile fell off her face for the last time. And she was no longer perfect, no longer flawless. All that was left of her was a beautiful disaster
Everything good in my life leaves me.
Out of timber so crooked as that from which man is made nothing entirely straight can be carved.
Pull the string, and it will follow wherever you wish. Push it, and it will go nowhere at all.
There will always be someone else with a different view than you. I appreciate them and would never say that they are wrong. I hope that they would give me that courtesy also.
I don\'t know how to depict intelligence.
Israel has an important principle: It is only Israel that is responsible for our security.
To adorn our characters by the charm of an amiable nature shows at once a lover of beauty and a lover of man.
We lift ourselves by our thought. We climb upon our vision of ourselves. If you want to enlarge your life, you must first enlarge your thought of it and of yourself. Hold the ideal of yourself as you long to be, always everywhere.
Quality has to be caused, not controlled.
Contraries are cured by contraries.
I was going to shave it. It went in two parts. I got a bob first but it kept falling all over my face. Then it was off, short. The main reason it was long was because my mother cut it short when I was little and I was trying to make up for that.
A doctor must work eighteen hours a day and seven days a week. If you cannot console yourself to this, get out of the profession.
What really flatters a man is that you think him worth flattering.
Writers speak stench.
Let your dreams outgrow the shoes of your expectations.
Love consists not in feeling great things but in having great detachment and in suffering for the Beloved.
I believe a marriage is between a man and a woman.
For this I bless you most: You give much and know not that you give at all.
He that has given today may, if he so please, take away tomorrow.
One of the first duties of the physician is to educate the masses not to take medicine.
Courage is doing what you are afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you are scared.
Reality is hard. It is no walk in the park, this thing called Life.
What is luck? It is not only chance, it is also creating the opportunity, recognizing it when it is there, and taking it when it comes.
I always wanted to be a full-time musician. Every television job I had was a means to buy a grand piano, or to put in a recording studio, or something like that.
Anything that can go wrong will go wrong.
Our life is a book that writes itself and whose principal themes sometimes escape us. We are like characters in a novel who do not always understand what the author wants of them.
Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit.
Wealth can only be accumulated by the earnings of industry and the savings of frugality.
No matter how busy a person is, if they really care, theyll always find time for you.
The number of electrical injuries cared for in hospitals in the US is estimated at as many as 50,000; the cost of these injuries on the US economy is estimated at over one billion dollars per year.
Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness.
Education doesn\'t change life much. It just lifts trouble to a higher plane of regard.
It was patriotism, not communism, that inspired me.
I claim to be a simple individual liable to err like any other fellow mortal. I own, however, that I have humility enough to confess my errors and to retrace my steps.
Word of true friend: I would conquer the whole world with just one hand, if you are holding the other hand.
Man has lost the capacity to foresee and to forestall. He will end by destroying the earth.
Young entrepreneurs should spend an awful lot of time thinking about what they want to go into.
The prouder a man is, the more he thinks he deserves, and the more he thinks he deserves, the less he really does deserve.
Nowadays, anyone who cannot speak English and is incapable of using the Internet is regarded as backward.
Sometimes the best way to hold onto something is to let it go
We become actors without realizing it, and actors without wanting to.
Facts as facts do not always create a spirit of reality, because reality is a spirit.
I never saw a contradiction between the ideas that sustain me and the ideas of that symbol, of that extraordinary figure, Jesus Christ.
String Theory describes energy and matter as being composed of tiny, wiggling strands of energy that look like strings. And the pitch of a string\'s vibration determines the nature of its effect.
Every year it takes less time to fly across the Atlantic and more time to drive to the office.
We did one pilot for FOX which was about this couple that moves to a town, and we play everyone in the entire town. So it was like a Peter Sellers film.
Your attitude is an expression of your values, beliefs and expectations
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles with it.
When you give yourself, you receive more than you give.
Poverty is an anomaly to rich people. It is very difficult to make out why people who want dinner do not ring the bell.
We are all worms, But I do believe that I am a glow worm.
Make sacrifices for the people who are worth them.
One lady wrote me and told me how she wants to see me get beat up and near death and that kind of stuff.
You cannot perform in a manner inconsistent with the way you see yourself.
I rebel therefore I exist. 
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory.
In an expanding universe, time is on the side of the outcast. Those who once inhabited the suburbs of human contempt find that without changing their address they eventually live in the metropolis.
For what the horse does under compulsion, as Simon also observes, is done without understanding; and there is no beauty in it either, any more than if one should whip and spur a dancer.
Adieu to disappointment and spleen. What are men to rocks and mountains 
Discipline is wisdom and vice versa.
If you see me at a restaurant, blow me a kiss, wave, blow me another kiss, then walk five steps backward.
You had better live your best and act your best and think your best today; for today is the sure preparation for tomorrow and all the other tomorrows that follow.
The president has been a true friend of the ag industry, because he continues to invest large amounts of money at a time when savings is really the goal of the federal government to deal with the deficit.
We confide in our strength, without boasting of it; we respect that of others, without fearing it.
True leadership must be for the benefit of the followers, not the enrichment of the leaders.
I do a lot of vocal hygiene.
Jealousy... is a mental cancer.
Oh! no! we never mention her, her name is never heard; my lips are now forbid to speak, that once familiar word.
The cautious seldom err.
The best physicians are Dr. Diet, Dr. Quiet, and Dr. Merryman.
For it would seem - her case proved it - that we write, not with the fingers, but with the whole person. The nerve which controls the pen winds itself about every fibre of our being, threads the heart, pierces the liver.
The beautiful thing about hip-hop is it\'s like an audio collage. You can take any form of music and do it in a hip-hop way and it\'ll be a hip-hop song. That\'s the only music you can do that with.
There are persons who, when they cease to shock us, cease to interest us.
Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious.
In order to get beyond racism, we must first take account of race. There is no other way. And in order to treat some persons equally, we must treat them differently.
His lack of education is more than compensated for by his keenly developed moral bankruptcy.
The center that I cannot find is known to my unconscious mind.
When I was growing up, I always read horror books, while my sister read romance novels.
A friend is a present you give to yourself.
If boyhood and youth are but vanity, must it not be our ambition to become men?
My ultimate vocation in life is to be an irritant.
You are a dreamer, and you are an achiever. May you dream and achieve bigger feats, with every passing year. All the best for the new year.
The real secret of success is enthusiasm.
He saw in happiness the seeds of independence and in independence the seeds of revolt. 
Pretty words are not always true. True words are not always pretty.
After the final no there comes a yes and on that yes the future of the world hangs.
There is no way in which to understand the world without first detecting it through the radar-net of our senses.
Relationship is like a book, it takes few seconds to burn but years to write. So write it carefully and never let it burn.
Variety is the soul of pleasure.
You fall down, and you get back up because staying down on the cold floor isnt really an option.
You never stop loving someone. You either never did, or you always will.
The uniform makes for brotherhood, since when universally adopted it covers up all differences of class and country.
Wise men put their trust in ideas and not in circumstances.
Keep your feet on the ground and your thoughts at lofty heights.
Champions take responsibility. When the ball is coming over the net, you can be sure I want the ball.
The lame man runs if he has to.
Dont mess with someones feelings just because you are unsure of yours!
Each of us, even the lowliest and most insignificant among us, was uprooted from his innermost existence by the almost constant volcanic upheavals visited upon our European soil and, as one of countless human beings, I can
The essence of our effort to see that every child has a chance must be to assure each an equal opportunity, not to become equal, but to become different-to realize whatever unique potential of body, mind and spirit he or she possesses.
When we walk to the edge of all the light we have and take the step into the darkness of the unknown, we must believe that one of two things will happen. There will be something solid for us to stand on or we will be taught to fly.
Our settlement of land is without regard to the best use of land.
The universe lies before you on the floor, in the air, in the mysterious bodies of your dancers, in your mind. From this voyage no one returns poor or weary.
It is hard to imagine a more stupid or more dangerous way of making decisions than by putting those decisions in the hands of people who pay no price for being wrong.
Have FAITH in your FAITH. There IS a blessing in the breaking!
People\'s intelligence tends to be in inverse proportion to their number. People don\'t tend to get smarter as they get into bigger groups.
Never in this world can hatred be stilled by hatred; it will be stilled only by non-hatred -- this is the law of eternal.
One of the great problems with Americans is that - being a decent people - they assume that everyone else is equally decent.
Those that lie down with dogs, get up with fleas.
Leave everything. Leave Dada. Leave your wife. Leave your mistress. Leave your hopes and fears. Leave your children in the woods. Leave the substance for the shadow. Leave your easy life, leave what you are given for the future. Set off on the roads.
The U. S. Constitution doesn\'t guarantee happiness, only the pursuit of it. You have to catch up with it yourself.
Gather ye rose-buds while ye may, old Time is still a-flying: And this same flower that smiles today, tomorrow will be dying.
Get the fools on your side and you can be elected to anything.
Sometimes people say or do things to try & bring you down, but all it really does is make you more determined than ever! If they only knew..
All teenagers have this desire to somehow run away.
I accept reality and dare not question it.
A man is a worker. If he is not that he is nothing.
If you have tried to do something and failed, you are vastly better off than if you had tried to do nothing and succeeded. You must never regret what might have been. The past that did not happen is as hidden from us as the future we cannot see.
Progress is not created by contented people.
What if you slept? And what if, in your sleep, you dreamed? And what if, in your dream, you went to heavenand there plucked an strange and beautiful flower?And what if, when you awoke, you had the flower in your hand? Ah, what then?
I have never heard anything about the resolutions of the apostles, but a good deal about their acts.
The doctors must tell you that one of the risks of surgery is that you might die. This poor doctor was talking to an actress. It was very dramatic to me. To him, it was just a thing he had to say.
A people which is able to say everything becomes able to do everything.
As a general rule, nobody has money who ought to have it.
Criticism, that fine flower of personal expression in the garden of letters.
I can see the music. I know what it looks like. I know what color it is. The words come easy, the tears come easy, and the joy comes easy. The music tells you what to do.
Personal satisfaction is the most important ingredient of success.
Man is, properly speaking, based upon hope, he has no other possession but hope; this world of his is emphatically the place of hope.
I hope in God, I pray on, and look yet for the answer. They are not converted yet, but they will be.
I will love you with all my heart, To have forever - never to part. This is a promise engrained in me, Take my hand and let it be.
No one can pray well, but those who live well.
People do not wish to appear foolish; to avoid the appearance of foolishness, they are willing to remain actually fools.
Great innovations should not be forced on slender majorities.
Fear is the tax that conscience pays to guilt.
Pay attention to the beauty surrounding you.
I will do less laundry and use more deodorant.
Win new friends but keep the old. The first are silver; the latter gold.
It\'s dismaying to see the unilateralism that the government is doing.
To understand is to forgive, even oneself.
As the father of six children, I know very well the challenges technology poses to our families.
The billiard table is better than the doctor.
The opposite of anger is not calmness, its empathy.
Wise people, even though all laws were abolished, would still lead the same life.
I didn\'t attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it.
If our language, our programs, our creations are not strongly present in the new media, the young generation of our country will be economically and culturally marginalized.
The brave person thinks of themselves last of all.
The good neighbor looks beyond the external accidents and discerns those inner qualities that make all men human and, therefore, brothers.
Believe me when I tell you that thrift of time will repay you in after life, with a usury of profit beyond your most sanguine dreams; and that waste of it will make you dwindle, alike in intellectual and moral stature, beyond your darkest reckoning.
To travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive.
Speech is human, silence is divine, yet also brutish and dead: therefore we must learn both arts.
Science is nothing but developed perception, interpreted intent, common sense rounded out and minutely articulated.
Every positive value has its price in negative terms... the genius of Einstein leads to Hiroshima.
We must think differently, look at things in a different way. Peace requires a world of new concepts, new definitions.
So, in other words, how you respond to a sculpture, how a viewer sees the sculpture, is vital.
I wish people that have trouble communicating would just shut up!
Dont join the book burners. Dont think youre going to conceal faults by concealing evidence that they ever existed. Dont be afraid to go in your library and read every book... 
I think the preponderant opinion clearly was that St. Louis could be a great football city if it had a team of its own that they could really root for.
I am attracted to people who make this effort in knowing what suits them - they are individual and stylish.
Family\'s first, and that\'s what matters most. We realize that our love goes deeper than the tennis game.
In the English language there are orphans and widows but there is no word for the parents who loses a child. 
Men are so simple and so much inclined to obey immediate needs that a deceiver will never lack victims for his deceptions.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
It is the lot of man to share in the deeper aspirations of the universe around him and to share his own destiny as well as that of the universe, now by adjusting himself to its forces, now by putting the whole of his energy to his own ends and purposes.
A woman and a melon are hard to choose.
Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature, the heart of a heartless world, and the soul of soulless conditions. It is the opium of the people.
Love dies only when growth stops.
...And, all at once, the moon arouse through the thin ghastly mist, And was crimson in color... And they lynx which dwelleth forever in the tomb, came out therefrom. And lay down at the feet of the demon. And looked at him steadily in the face.
The price of wisdom is eternal thought.
A beautiful woman can be painted as a totem only; not as a woman, but as a Madonna, a queen, a sphinx.
Hope is the struggle of the soul, breaking loose from what is perishable, and attesting her eternity.
The hardest choice to make is between whats RIGHT & whats EASY. When you choose EASY, things go WRONG. When you choose whats RIGHT, things get HARD
He took over anger to intimidate subordinates, and in time anger took over him.
She discovered with great delight that one does not love one\'s children just because they are one\'s children but because of the friendship formed while raising them.
Their learning is like bread in a besieged town: every man gets a little, but no man gets a full meal.
Work spares us from three great evils: boredom, vice and need.
I thought I was the coolest kid in the world, so I wound up being the coolest kid in the world.
There can be no prestige without mystery, for familiarity breeds contempt.
I Like to study . arithmetic, NO . world history, NO . chemistry, NO . GIRLS, YES!!!
From the earliest times the old have rubbed it into the young that they are wiser than they, and before the young had discovered what nonsense this was they were old too, and it profited them to carry on the imposture.
A woman\'s life is not perfect or whole till she has added herself to a husband. Nor is a man\'s life perfect or whole till he has added to himself a wife.
The most dramatic conflicts are perhaps, those that take place not between men but between a man and himself -- where the arena of conflict is a solitary mind.
How can you put out a fire set on a cart-load of firewood with only a cup of water.
Our happiness depends on the habit of mind we cultivate. So practice happy thinking every day. Cultivate the merry heart, develop the happiness habit, and life will become a continual feast.
Great personality will always make you more attractive than someone who only has a great face.
Let both sides seek to invoke the wonders of science instead of its terrors. Together let us explore the stars, conquer the deserts, eradicate disease, tap the ocean depths, and encourage the arts and commerce.
We mount to heaven mostly on the ruins of our cherished schemes, finding our failures were successes.
I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
We conceal it from ourselves in vain - we must always love something. In those matters seemingly removed from love, the feeling is secretly to be found, and man cannot possibly live for a moment without it.
I want to be a part of great things.
Some thoughts always find us young, and keep us so. Such a thought is the love of the universal and eternal beauty.
It is sad to grow old but nice to ripen.
All virtue is summed up in dealing justly.
The creation continues incessantly through the media of man.
Kant and Hegel are interesting thinkers. But I am happy to insist that they are also terrible writers.
Failure is not an option. Everyone has to succeed.
Dance is the hidden language of the soul
The best way to destroy the capitalist system is to debauch the currency.
Imma be what I set out to be without a doubt undoubtedly. 
Maybe love is like luck. You have to go all the way to find it.
We pay a price when special interests win out over the collective national interest.
Philosophy! Empty thinking by ignorant conceited men who think they can digest without eating!
Old friendships are like meats served up repeatedly, cold, comfortless, and distasteful. The stomach turns against them.
Only mad dogs and Englishmen go out in the noonday sun.
Alliance does not mean love, any more than war means hate.
Contrary to popular opinion, the hustle is not a new dance step - it is an old business procedure.
The responsibility of a writer is to excavate the experience of the people who produced him.
Dawn: When men of reason go to bed.
No one ever excused his way to success.
Everyone discusses my art and pretends to understand, as if it were necessary to understand, when it is simply necessary to love.
I did the Broadway album unfortunately in a year when there were no hits.
The best preparation for the future is the present well seen to, and the last duty done.
The alleged menace of universal suffrage having been avoided by the absolute suppression of the negro vote, the spirit of mob murder should have been satisfied and the butchery of negroes should have ceased.
Worry is spiritual short sight. Its cure is intelligent faith.
Democracy is a pathetic belief in the collective wisdom of individual ignorance.
I never said all Democrats were saloonkeepers; what I said was all saloonkeepers are Democrats.
I will always vote on the side of freedom and our right to keep and bear arms.
The essential element in personal magnetism is a consuming sincerity-an overwhelming faith in the importance of the work one has to do.
The most serious charge which can be brought against New England is not Puritanism but February.
Real education should educate us out of self into something far finer; into a selflessness which links us with all humanity.
When you close your eyes to tragedy, you close your eyes to greatness.
The most difficult crime to track is the one which is purposeless.